# verify-domain-dkim¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/ses/verify-domain-dkim.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/ses/verify-domain-dkim.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [ses](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/ses/index.html#cli-aws-ses) ]

# verify-domain-dkim

## Description

Returns a set of DKIM tokens for a domain identity.

### Warning

When you execute the `VerifyDomainDkim` operation, the domain that you specify is added to the list of identities that are associated with your account. This is true even if you haven’t already associated the domain with your account by using the `VerifyDomainIdentity` operation. However, you can’t send email from the domain until you either successfully [verify it](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/creating-identities.html#verify-domain-procedure) or you successfully [set up DKIM for it](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/send-email-authentication-dkim-easy.html) .

You use the tokens that are generated by this operation to create CNAME records. When Amazon SES detects that you’ve added these records to the DNS configuration for a domain, you can start sending email from that domain. You can start sending email even if you haven’t added the TXT record provided by the VerifyDomainIdentity operation to the DNS configuration for your domain. All email that you send from the domain is authenticated using DKIM.

To create the CNAME records for DKIM authentication, use the following values:

- **Name** : *token* ._domainkey.*example.com*
- **Type** : CNAME
- **Value** : *token* .dkim.amazonses.com

In the preceding example, replace *token* with one of the tokens that are generated when you execute this operation. Replace *example.com* with your domain. Repeat this process for each token that’s generated by this operation.

You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/email-2010-12-01/VerifyDomainDkim)

## Synopsis

```
verify-domain-dkim
--domain <value>
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--domain` (string)

The name of the domain to be verified for Easy DKIM signing.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To generate a verified domain’s DKIM tokens for DKIM signing with Amazon SES**

The following example uses the `verify-domain-dkim` command to generate DKIM tokens for a domain that has been verified with Amazon SES:

```
aws ses verify-domain-dkim --domain example.com
```

Output:

```
{
   "DkimTokens": [
       "EXAMPLEq76owjnks3lnluwg65scbemvw",
       "EXAMPLEi3dnsj67hstzaj673klariwx2",
       "EXAMPLEwfbtcukvimehexktmdtaz6naj"
   ]
}
```

To set up DKIM, you must use the returned DKIM tokens to update your domain’s DNS settings with CNAME records that point to DKIM public keys hosted by Amazon SES. For more information, see [Easy DKIM in Amazon SES](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/DeveloperGuide/easy-dkim.html) in the *Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide*.

## Output

DkimTokens -> (list)

A set of character strings that represent the domain’s identity. If the identity is an email address, the tokens represent the domain of that address.

Using these tokens, you need to create DNS CNAME records that point to DKIM public keys that are hosted by Amazon SES. Amazon Web Services eventually detects that you’ve updated your DNS records. This detection process might take up to 72 hours. After successful detection, Amazon SES is able to DKIM-sign email originating from that domain. (This only applies to domain identities, not email address identities.)

For more information about creating DNS records using DKIM tokens, see the [Amazon SES Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/send-email-authentication-dkim-easy.html) .

(string)