# record-activity-task-heartbeat¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/swf/record-activity-task-heartbeat.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/swf/record-activity-task-heartbeat.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [swf](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/swf/index.html#cli-aws-swf) ]

# record-activity-task-heartbeat

## Description

Used by activity workers to report to the service that the  ActivityTask represented by the specified `taskToken` is still making progress. The worker can also specify details of the progress, for example percent complete, using the `details` parameter. This action can also be used by the worker as a mechanism to check if cancellation is being requested for the activity task. If a cancellation is being attempted for the specified task, then the boolean `cancelRequested` flag returned by the service is set to `true` .

This action resets the `taskHeartbeatTimeout` clock. The `taskHeartbeatTimeout` is specified in  RegisterActivityType .

This action doesn’t in itself create an event in the workflow execution history. However, if the task times out, the workflow execution history contains a `ActivityTaskTimedOut` event that contains the information from the last heartbeat generated by the activity worker.

### Note

The `taskStartToCloseTimeout` of an activity type is the maximum duration of an activity task, regardless of the number of  RecordActivityTaskHeartbeat requests received. The `taskStartToCloseTimeout` is also specified in  RegisterActivityType .

### Note

This operation is only useful for long-lived activities to report liveliness of the task and to determine if a cancellation is being attempted.

### Warning

If the `cancelRequested` flag returns `true` , a cancellation is being attempted. If the worker can cancel the activity, it should respond with  RespondActivityTaskCanceled . Otherwise, it should ignore the cancellation request.

**Access Control**

You can use IAM policies to control this action’s access to Amazon SWF resources as follows:

- Use a `Resource` element with the domain name to limit the action to only specified domains.
- Use an `Action` element to allow or deny permission to call this action.
- You cannot use an IAM policy to constrain this action’s parameters.

If the caller doesn’t have sufficient permissions to invoke the action, or the parameter values fall outside the specified constraints, the action fails. The associated event attribute’s `cause` parameter is set to `OPERATION_NOT_PERMITTED` . For details and example IAM policies, see [Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/swf-dev-iam.html) in the *Amazon SWF Developer Guide* .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/swf-2012-01-25/RecordActivityTaskHeartbeat)

## Synopsis

```
record-activity-task-heartbeat
--task-token <value>
[--details <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--task-token` (string)

The `taskToken` of the  ActivityTask .

### Warning

`taskToken` is generated by the service and should be treated as an opaque value. If the task is passed to another process, its `taskToken` must also be passed. This enables it to provide its progress and respond with results.

`--details` (string)

If specified, contains details about the progress of the task.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

cancelRequested -> (boolean)

Set to `true` if cancellation of the task is requested.