# respond-decision-task-completed¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/swf/respond-decision-task-completed.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/swf/respond-decision-task-completed.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [swf](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/swf/index.html#cli-aws-swf) ]

# respond-decision-task-completed

## Description

Used by deciders to tell the service that the  DecisionTask identified by the `taskToken` has successfully completed. The `decisions` argument specifies the list of decisions made while processing the task.

A `DecisionTaskCompleted` event is added to the workflow history. The `executionContext` specified is attached to the event in the workflow execution history.

**Access Control**

If an IAM policy grants permission to use `RespondDecisionTaskCompleted` , it can express permissions for the list of decisions in the `decisions` parameter. Each of the decisions has one or more parameters, much like a regular API call. To allow for policies to be as readable as possible, you can express permissions on decisions as if they were actual API calls, including applying conditions to some parameters. For more information, see [Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/swf-dev-iam.html) in the *Amazon SWF Developer Guide* .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/swf-2012-01-25/RespondDecisionTaskCompleted)

## Synopsis

```
respond-decision-task-completed
--task-token <value>
[--decisions <value>]
[--execution-context <value>]
[--task-list <value>]
[--task-list-schedule-to-start-timeout <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--task-token` (string)

The `taskToken` from the  DecisionTask .

### Warning

`taskToken` is generated by the service and should be treated as an opaque value. If the task is passed to another process, its `taskToken` must also be passed. This enables it to provide its progress and respond with results.

`--decisions` (list)

The list of decisions (possibly empty) made by the decider while processing this decision task. See the docs for the  Decision structure for details.

(structure)

Specifies a decision made by the decider. A decision can be one of these types:

- `CancelTimer` – Cancels a previously started timer and records a `TimerCanceled` event in the history.
- `CancelWorkflowExecution` – Closes the workflow execution and records a `WorkflowExecutionCanceled` event in the history.
- `CompleteWorkflowExecution` – Closes the workflow execution and records a `WorkflowExecutionCompleted` event in the history .
- `ContinueAsNewWorkflowExecution` – Closes the workflow execution and starts a new workflow execution of the same type using the same workflow ID and a unique run Id. A `WorkflowExecutionContinuedAsNew` event is recorded in the history.
- `FailWorkflowExecution` – Closes the workflow execution and records a `WorkflowExecutionFailed` event in the history.
- `RecordMarker` – Records a `MarkerRecorded` event in the history. Markers can be used for adding custom information in the history for instance to let deciders know that they don’t need to look at the history beyond the marker event.
- `RequestCancelActivityTask` – Attempts to cancel a previously scheduled activity task. If the activity task was scheduled but has not been assigned to a worker, then it is canceled. If the activity task was already assigned to a worker, then the worker is informed that cancellation has been requested in the response to  RecordActivityTaskHeartbeat .
- `RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecution` – Requests that a request be made to cancel the specified external workflow execution and records a `RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecutionInitiated` event in the history.
- `ScheduleActivityTask` – Schedules an activity task.
- `SignalExternalWorkflowExecution` – Requests a signal to be delivered to the specified external workflow execution and records a `SignalExternalWorkflowExecutionInitiated` event in the history.
- `StartChildWorkflowExecution` – Requests that a child workflow execution be started and records a `StartChildWorkflowExecutionInitiated` event in the history. The child workflow execution is a separate workflow execution with its own history.
- `StartTimer` – Starts a timer for this workflow execution and records a `TimerStarted` event in the history. This timer fires after the specified delay and record a `TimerFired` event.

**Access Control**

If you grant permission to use `RespondDecisionTaskCompleted` , you can use IAM policies to express permissions for the list of decisions returned by this action as if they were members of the API. Treating decisions as a pseudo API maintains a uniform conceptual model and helps keep policies readable. For details and example IAM policies, see [Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/swf-dev-iam.html) in the *Amazon SWF Developer Guide* .

**Decision Failure**

Decisions can fail for several reasons

- The ordering of decisions should follow a logical flow. Some decisions might not make sense in the current context of the workflow execution and therefore fails.
- A limit on your account was reached.
- The decision lacks sufficient permissions.

One of the following events might be added to the history to indicate an error. The event attribute’s `cause` parameter indicates the cause. If `cause` is set to `OPERATION_NOT_PERMITTED` , the decision failed because it lacked sufficient permissions. For details and example IAM policies, see [Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/swf-dev-iam.html) in the *Amazon SWF Developer Guide* .

- `ScheduleActivityTaskFailed` – A `ScheduleActivityTask` decision failed. This could happen if the activity type specified in the decision isn’t registered, is in a deprecated state, or the decision isn’t properly configured.
- `RequestCancelActivityTaskFailed` – A `RequestCancelActivityTask` decision failed. This could happen if there is no open activity task with the specified activityId.
- `StartTimerFailed` – A `StartTimer` decision failed. This could happen if there is another open timer with the same timerId.
- `CancelTimerFailed` – A `CancelTimer` decision failed. This could happen if there is no open timer with the specified timerId.
- `StartChildWorkflowExecutionFailed` – A `StartChildWorkflowExecution` decision failed. This could happen if the workflow type specified isn’t registered, is deprecated, or the decision isn’t properly configured.
- `SignalExternalWorkflowExecutionFailed` – A `SignalExternalWorkflowExecution` decision failed. This could happen if the `workflowID` specified in the decision was incorrect.
- `RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecutionFailed` – A `RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecution` decision failed. This could happen if the `workflowID` specified in the decision was incorrect.
- `CancelWorkflowExecutionFailed` – A `CancelWorkflowExecution` decision failed. This could happen if there is an unhandled decision task pending in the workflow execution.
- `CompleteWorkflowExecutionFailed` – A `CompleteWorkflowExecution` decision failed. This could happen if there is an unhandled decision task pending in the workflow execution.
- `ContinueAsNewWorkflowExecutionFailed` – A `ContinueAsNewWorkflowExecution` decision failed. This could happen if there is an unhandled decision task pending in the workflow execution or the ContinueAsNewWorkflowExecution decision was not configured correctly.
- `FailWorkflowExecutionFailed` – A `FailWorkflowExecution` decision failed. This could happen if there is an unhandled decision task pending in the workflow execution.

The preceding error events might occur due to an error in the decider logic, which might put the workflow execution in an unstable state The cause field in the event structure for the error event indicates the cause of the error.

### Note

A workflow execution may be closed by the decider by returning one of the following decisions when completing a decision task: `CompleteWorkflowExecution` , `FailWorkflowExecution` , `CancelWorkflowExecution` and `ContinueAsNewWorkflowExecution` . An `UnhandledDecision` fault is returned if a workflow closing decision is specified and a signal or activity event had been added to the history while the decision task was being performed by the decider. Unlike the above situations which are logic issues, this fault is always possible because of race conditions in a distributed system. The right action here is to call  RespondDecisionTaskCompleted without any decisions. This would result in another decision task with these new events included in the history. The decider should handle the new events and may decide to close the workflow execution.

**How to Code a Decision**

You code a decision by first setting the decision type field to one of the above decision values, and then set the corresponding attributes field shown below:

- `` ScheduleActivityTaskDecisionAttributes ``
- `` RequestCancelActivityTaskDecisionAttributes ``
- `` CompleteWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes ``
- `` FailWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes ``
- `` CancelWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes ``
- `` ContinueAsNewWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes ``
- `` RecordMarkerDecisionAttributes ``
- `` StartTimerDecisionAttributes ``
- `` CancelTimerDecisionAttributes ``
- `` SignalExternalWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes ``
- `` RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes ``
- `` StartChildWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes ``

decisionType -> (string)

Specifies the type of the decision.

scheduleActivityTaskDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `ScheduleActivityTask` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

activityType -> (structure)

The type of the activity task to schedule.

name -> (string)

The name of this activity.

### Note

The combination of activity type name and version must be unique within a domain.

version -> (string)

The version of this activity.

### Note

The combination of activity type name and version must be unique with in a domain.

activityId -> (string)

The `activityId` of the activity task.

The specified string must not contain a `:` (colon), `/` (slash), `|` (vertical bar), or any control characters (`\u0000-\u001f` | `\u007f-\u009f` ). Also, it must *not* be the literal string `arn` .

control -> (string)

Data attached to the event that can be used by the decider in subsequent workflow tasks. This data isn’t sent to the activity.

input -> (string)

The input provided to the activity task.

scheduleToCloseTimeout -> (string)

The maximum duration for this activity task.

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` . You can use `NONE` to specify unlimited duration.

### Note

A schedule-to-close timeout for this activity task must be specified either as a default for the activity type or through this field. If neither this field is set nor a default schedule-to-close timeout was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

taskList -> (structure)

If set, specifies the name of the task list in which to schedule the activity task. If not specified, the `defaultTaskList` registered with the activity type is used.

### Note

A task list for this activity task must be specified either as a default for the activity type or through this field. If neither this field is set nor a default task list was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

The specified string must not contain a `:` (colon), `/` (slash), `|` (vertical bar), or any control characters (`\u0000-\u001f` | `\u007f-\u009f` ). Also, it must *not* be the literal string `arn` .

name -> (string)

The name of the task list.

taskPriority -> (string)

If set, specifies the priority with which the activity task is to be assigned to a worker. This overrides the defaultTaskPriority specified when registering the activity type using  RegisterActivityType . Valid values are integers that range from Java’s `Integer.MIN_VALUE` (-2147483648) to `Integer.MAX_VALUE` (2147483647). Higher numbers indicate higher priority.

For more information about setting task priority, see [Setting Task Priority](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/programming-priority.html) in the *Amazon SWF Developer Guide* .

scheduleToStartTimeout -> (string)

If set, specifies the maximum duration the activity task can wait to be assigned to a worker. This overrides the default schedule-to-start timeout specified when registering the activity type using  RegisterActivityType .

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` . You can use `NONE` to specify unlimited duration.

### Note

A schedule-to-start timeout for this activity task must be specified either as a default for the activity type or through this field. If neither this field is set nor a default schedule-to-start timeout was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

startToCloseTimeout -> (string)

If set, specifies the maximum duration a worker may take to process this activity task. This overrides the default start-to-close timeout specified when registering the activity type using  RegisterActivityType .

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` . You can use `NONE` to specify unlimited duration.

### Note

A start-to-close timeout for this activity task must be specified either as a default for the activity type or through this field. If neither this field is set nor a default start-to-close timeout was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

heartbeatTimeout -> (string)

If set, specifies the maximum time before which a worker processing a task of this type must report progress by calling  RecordActivityTaskHeartbeat . If the timeout is exceeded, the activity task is automatically timed out. If the worker subsequently attempts to record a heartbeat or returns a result, it is ignored. This overrides the default heartbeat timeout specified when registering the activity type using  RegisterActivityType .

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` . You can use `NONE` to specify unlimited duration.

requestCancelActivityTaskDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `RequestCancelActivityTask` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

activityId -> (string)

The `activityId` of the activity task to be canceled.

completeWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `CompleteWorkflowExecution` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

result -> (string)

The result of the workflow execution. The form of the result is implementation defined.

failWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `FailWorkflowExecution` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

reason -> (string)

A descriptive reason for the failure that may help in diagnostics.

details -> (string)

Details of the failure.

cancelWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `CancelWorkflowExecution` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

details -> (string)

Details of the cancellation.

continueAsNewWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `ContinueAsNewWorkflowExecution` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

input -> (string)

The input provided to the new workflow execution.

executionStartToCloseTimeout -> (string)

If set, specifies the total duration for this workflow execution. This overrides the `defaultExecutionStartToCloseTimeout` specified when registering the workflow type.

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` . You can use `NONE` to specify unlimited duration.

### Note

An execution start-to-close timeout for this workflow execution must be specified either as a default for the workflow type or through this field. If neither this field is set nor a default execution start-to-close timeout was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

taskList -> (structure)

The task list to use for the decisions of the new (continued) workflow execution.

name -> (string)

The name of the task list.

taskPriority -> (string)

The task priority that, if set, specifies the priority for the decision tasks for this workflow execution. This overrides the defaultTaskPriority specified when registering the workflow type. Valid values are integers that range from Java’s `Integer.MIN_VALUE` (-2147483648) to `Integer.MAX_VALUE` (2147483647). Higher numbers indicate higher priority.

For more information about setting task priority, see [Setting Task Priority](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/programming-priority.html) in the *Amazon SWF Developer Guide* .

taskStartToCloseTimeout -> (string)

Specifies the maximum duration of decision tasks for the new workflow execution. This parameter overrides the `defaultTaskStartToCloseTimout` specified when registering the workflow type using  RegisterWorkflowType .

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` . You can use `NONE` to specify unlimited duration.

### Note

A task start-to-close timeout for the new workflow execution must be specified either as a default for the workflow type or through this parameter. If neither this parameter is set nor a default task start-to-close timeout was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

childPolicy -> (string)

If set, specifies the policy to use for the child workflow executions of the new execution if it is terminated by calling the  TerminateWorkflowExecution action explicitly or due to an expired timeout. This policy overrides the default child policy specified when registering the workflow type using  RegisterWorkflowType .

The supported child policies are:

- `TERMINATE` – The child executions are terminated.
- `REQUEST_CANCEL` – A request to cancel is attempted for each child execution by recording a `WorkflowExecutionCancelRequested` event in its history. It is up to the decider to take appropriate actions when it receives an execution history with this event.
- `ABANDON` – No action is taken. The child executions continue to run.

### Note

A child policy for this workflow execution must be specified either as a default for the workflow type or through this parameter. If neither this parameter is set nor a default child policy was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

tagList -> (list)

The list of tags to associate with the new workflow execution. A maximum of 5 tags can be specified. You can list workflow executions with a specific tag by calling  ListOpenWorkflowExecutions or  ListClosedWorkflowExecutions and specifying a  TagFilter .

(string)

workflowTypeVersion -> (string)

The version of the workflow to start.

lambdaRole -> (string)

The IAM role to attach to the new (continued) execution.

recordMarkerDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `RecordMarker` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

markerName -> (string)

The name of the marker.

details -> (string)

The details of the marker.

startTimerDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `StartTimer` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

timerId -> (string)

The unique ID of the timer.

The specified string must not contain a `:` (colon), `/` (slash), `|` (vertical bar), or any control characters (`\u0000-\u001f` | `\u007f-\u009f` ). Also, it must *not* be the literal string `arn` .

control -> (string)

The data attached to the event that can be used by the decider in subsequent workflow tasks.

startToFireTimeout -> (string)

The duration to wait before firing the timer.

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` .

cancelTimerDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `CancelTimer` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

timerId -> (string)

The unique ID of the timer to cancel.

signalExternalWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `SignalExternalWorkflowExecution` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

workflowId -> (string)

The `workflowId` of the workflow execution to be signaled.

runId -> (string)

The `runId` of the workflow execution to be signaled.

signalName -> (string)

The name of the signal.The target workflow execution uses the signal name and input to process the signal.

input -> (string)

The input data to be provided with the signal. The target workflow execution uses the signal name and input data to process the signal.

control -> (string)

The data attached to the event that can be used by the decider in subsequent decision tasks.

requestCancelExternalWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecution` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

workflowId -> (string)

The `workflowId` of the external workflow execution to cancel.

runId -> (string)

The `runId` of the external workflow execution to cancel.

control -> (string)

The data attached to the event that can be used by the decider in subsequent workflow tasks.

startChildWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `StartChildWorkflowExecution` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

workflowType -> (structure)

The type of the workflow execution to be started.

name -> (string)

The name of the workflow type.

### Note

The combination of workflow type name and version must be unique with in a domain.

version -> (string)

The version of the workflow type.

### Note

The combination of workflow type name and version must be unique with in a domain.

workflowId -> (string)

The `workflowId` of the workflow execution.

The specified string must not contain a `:` (colon), `/` (slash), `|` (vertical bar), or any control characters (`\u0000-\u001f` | `\u007f-\u009f` ). Also, it must *not* be the literal string `arn` .

control -> (string)

The data attached to the event that can be used by the decider in subsequent workflow tasks. This data isn’t sent to the child workflow execution.

input -> (string)

The input to be provided to the workflow execution.

executionStartToCloseTimeout -> (string)

The total duration for this workflow execution. This overrides the defaultExecutionStartToCloseTimeout specified when registering the workflow type.

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` . You can use `NONE` to specify unlimited duration.

### Note

An execution start-to-close timeout for this workflow execution must be specified either as a default for the workflow type or through this parameter. If neither this parameter is set nor a default execution start-to-close timeout was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

taskList -> (structure)

The name of the task list to be used for decision tasks of the child workflow execution.

### Note

A task list for this workflow execution must be specified either as a default for the workflow type or through this parameter. If neither this parameter is set nor a default task list was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

The specified string must not start or end with whitespace. It must not contain a `:` (colon), `/` (slash), `|` (vertical bar), or any control characters (`\u0000-\u001f` | `\u007f-\u009f` ). Also, it must *not* be the literal string `arn` .

name -> (string)

The name of the task list.

taskPriority -> (string)

A task priority that, if set, specifies the priority for a decision task of this workflow execution. This overrides the defaultTaskPriority specified when registering the workflow type. Valid values are integers that range from Java’s `Integer.MIN_VALUE` (-2147483648) to `Integer.MAX_VALUE` (2147483647). Higher numbers indicate higher priority.

For more information about setting task priority, see [Setting Task Priority](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/programming-priority.html) in the *Amazon SWF Developer Guide* .

taskStartToCloseTimeout -> (string)

Specifies the maximum duration of decision tasks for this workflow execution. This parameter overrides the `defaultTaskStartToCloseTimout` specified when registering the workflow type using  RegisterWorkflowType .

The duration is specified in seconds, an integer greater than or equal to `0` . You can use `NONE` to specify unlimited duration.

### Note

A task start-to-close timeout for this workflow execution must be specified either as a default for the workflow type or through this parameter. If neither this parameter is set nor a default task start-to-close timeout was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

childPolicy -> (string)

If set, specifies the policy to use for the child workflow executions if the workflow execution being started is terminated by calling the  TerminateWorkflowExecution action explicitly or due to an expired timeout. This policy overrides the default child policy specified when registering the workflow type using  RegisterWorkflowType .

The supported child policies are:

- `TERMINATE` – The child executions are terminated.
- `REQUEST_CANCEL` – A request to cancel is attempted for each child execution by recording a `WorkflowExecutionCancelRequested` event in its history. It is up to the decider to take appropriate actions when it receives an execution history with this event.
- `ABANDON` – No action is taken. The child executions continue to run.

### Note

A child policy for this workflow execution must be specified either as a default for the workflow type or through this parameter. If neither this parameter is set nor a default child policy was specified at registration time then a fault is returned.

tagList -> (list)

The list of tags to associate with the child workflow execution. A maximum of 5 tags can be specified. You can list workflow executions with a specific tag by calling  ListOpenWorkflowExecutions or  ListClosedWorkflowExecutions and specifying a  TagFilter .

(string)

lambdaRole -> (string)

The IAM role attached to the child workflow execution.

scheduleLambdaFunctionDecisionAttributes -> (structure)

Provides the details of the `ScheduleLambdaFunction` decision. It isn’t set for other decision types.

id -> (string)

A string that identifies the Lambda function execution in the event history.

name -> (string)

The name, or ARN, of the Lambda function to schedule.

control -> (string)

The data attached to the event that the decider can use in subsequent workflow tasks. This data isn’t sent to the Lambda task.

input -> (string)

The optional input data to be supplied to the Lambda function.

startToCloseTimeout -> (string)

The timeout value, in seconds, after which the Lambda function is considered to be failed once it has started. This can be any integer from 1-900 (1s-15m).

If no value is supplied, then a default value of 900s is assumed.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
decisionType=string,scheduleActivityTaskDecisionAttributes={activityType={name=string,version=string},activityId=string,control=string,input=string,scheduleToCloseTimeout=string,taskList={name=string},taskPriority=string,scheduleToStartTimeout=string,startToCloseTimeout=string,heartbeatTimeout=string},requestCancelActivityTaskDecisionAttributes={activityId=string},completeWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes={result=string},failWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes={reason=string,details=string},cancelWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes={details=string},continueAsNewWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes={input=string,executionStartToCloseTimeout=string,taskList={name=string},taskPriority=string,taskStartToCloseTimeout=string,childPolicy=string,tagList=[string,string],workflowTypeVersion=string,lambdaRole=string},recordMarkerDecisionAttributes={markerName=string,details=string},startTimerDecisionAttributes={timerId=string,control=string,startToFireTimeout=string},cancelTimerDecisionAttributes={timerId=string},signalExternalWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes={workflowId=string,runId=string,signalName=string,input=string,control=string},requestCancelExternalWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes={workflowId=string,runId=string,control=string},startChildWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes={workflowType={name=string,version=string},workflowId=string,control=string,input=string,executionStartToCloseTimeout=string,taskList={name=string},taskPriority=string,taskStartToCloseTimeout=string,childPolicy=string,tagList=[string,string],lambdaRole=string},scheduleLambdaFunctionDecisionAttributes={id=string,name=string,control=string,input=string,startToCloseTimeout=string} ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "decisionType": "ScheduleActivityTask"|"RequestCancelActivityTask"|"CompleteWorkflowExecution"|"FailWorkflowExecution"|"CancelWorkflowExecution"|"ContinueAsNewWorkflowExecution"|"RecordMarker"|"StartTimer"|"CancelTimer"|"SignalExternalWorkflowExecution"|"RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecution"|"StartChildWorkflowExecution"|"ScheduleLambdaFunction",
    "scheduleActivityTaskDecisionAttributes": {
      "activityType": {
        "name": "string",
        "version": "string"
      },
      "activityId": "string",
      "control": "string",
      "input": "string",
      "scheduleToCloseTimeout": "string",
      "taskList": {
        "name": "string"
      },
      "taskPriority": "string",
      "scheduleToStartTimeout": "string",
      "startToCloseTimeout": "string",
      "heartbeatTimeout": "string"
    },
    "requestCancelActivityTaskDecisionAttributes": {
      "activityId": "string"
    },
    "completeWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes": {
      "result": "string"
    },
    "failWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes": {
      "reason": "string",
      "details": "string"
    },
    "cancelWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes": {
      "details": "string"
    },
    "continueAsNewWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes": {
      "input": "string",
      "executionStartToCloseTimeout": "string",
      "taskList": {
        "name": "string"
      },
      "taskPriority": "string",
      "taskStartToCloseTimeout": "string",
      "childPolicy": "TERMINATE"|"REQUEST_CANCEL"|"ABANDON",
      "tagList": ["string", ...],
      "workflowTypeVersion": "string",
      "lambdaRole": "string"
    },
    "recordMarkerDecisionAttributes": {
      "markerName": "string",
      "details": "string"
    },
    "startTimerDecisionAttributes": {
      "timerId": "string",
      "control": "string",
      "startToFireTimeout": "string"
    },
    "cancelTimerDecisionAttributes": {
      "timerId": "string"
    },
    "signalExternalWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes": {
      "workflowId": "string",
      "runId": "string",
      "signalName": "string",
      "input": "string",
      "control": "string"
    },
    "requestCancelExternalWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes": {
      "workflowId": "string",
      "runId": "string",
      "control": "string"
    },
    "startChildWorkflowExecutionDecisionAttributes": {
      "workflowType": {
        "name": "string",
        "version": "string"
      },
      "workflowId": "string",
      "control": "string",
      "input": "string",
      "executionStartToCloseTimeout": "string",
      "taskList": {
        "name": "string"
      },
      "taskPriority": "string",
      "taskStartToCloseTimeout": "string",
      "childPolicy": "TERMINATE"|"REQUEST_CANCEL"|"ABANDON",
      "tagList": ["string", ...],
      "lambdaRole": "string"
    },
    "scheduleLambdaFunctionDecisionAttributes": {
      "id": "string",
      "name": "string",
      "control": "string",
      "input": "string",
      "startToCloseTimeout": "string"
    }
  }
  ...
]
```

`--execution-context` (string)

User defined context to add to workflow execution.

`--task-list` (structure)

The task list to use for the future decision tasks of this workflow execution. This list overrides the original task list you specified while starting the workflow execution.

name -> (string)

The name of the task list.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
name=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "name": "string"
}
```

`--task-list-schedule-to-start-timeout` (string)

Specifies a timeout (in seconds) for the task list override. When this parameter is missing, the task list override is permanent. This parameter makes it possible to temporarily override the task list. If a decision task scheduled on the override task list is not started within the timeout, the decision task will time out. Amazon SWF will revert the override and schedule a new decision task to the original task list.

If a decision task scheduled on the override task list is started within the timeout, but not completed within the start-to-close timeout, Amazon SWF will also revert the override and schedule a new decision task to the original task list.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

None