# put-events¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/personalize-events/put-events.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/personalize-events/put-events.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [personalize-events](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/personalize-events/index.html#cli-aws-personalize-events) ]

# put-events

## Description

Records item interaction event data. For more information see [Recording item interaction events](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/personalize/latest/dg/recording-item-interaction-events.html) .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/personalize-events-2018-03-22/PutEvents)

## Synopsis

```
put-events
--tracking-id <value>
[--user-id <value>]
--session-id <value>
--event-list <value>
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--tracking-id` (string)

The tracking ID for the event. The ID is generated by a call to the [CreateEventTracker](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/personalize/latest/dg/API_CreateEventTracker.html) API.

`--user-id` (string)

The user associated with the event.

`--session-id` (string)

The session ID associated with the user’s visit. Your application generates the sessionId when a user first visits your website or uses your application. Amazon Personalize uses the sessionId to associate events with the user before they log in. For more information, see [Recording item interaction events](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/personalize/latest/dg/recording-item-interaction-events.html) .

`--event-list` (list)

A list of event data from the session.

(structure)

Represents item interaction event information sent using the `PutEvents` API.

eventId -> (string)

An ID associated with the event. If an event ID is not provided, Amazon Personalize generates a unique ID for the event. An event ID is not used as an input to the model. Amazon Personalize uses the event ID to distinguish unique events. Any subsequent events after the first with the same event ID are not used in model training.

eventType -> (string)

The type of event, such as click or download. This property corresponds to the `EVENT_TYPE` field of your Item interactions dataset’s schema and depends on the types of events you are tracking.

eventValue -> (float)

The event value that corresponds to the `EVENT_VALUE` field of the Item interactions schema.

itemId -> (string)

The item ID key that corresponds to the `ITEM_ID` field of the Item interactions dataset’s schema.

properties -> (string)

A string map of event-specific data that you might choose to record. For example, if a user rates a movie on your site, other than movie ID (`itemId` ) and rating (`eventValue` ) , you might also send the number of movie ratings made by the user.

Each item in the map consists of a key-value pair. For example,

`{"numberOfRatings": "12"}`

The keys use camel case names that match the fields in the Item interactions dataset’s schema. In the above example, the `numberOfRatings` would match the ‘NUMBER_OF_RATINGS’ field defined in the Item interactions dataset’s schema.

The following can’t be included as a keyword for properties (case insensitive).

- userId
- sessionId
- eventType
- timestamp
- recommendationId
- impression

sentAt -> (timestamp)

The timestamp (in Unix time) on the client side when the event occurred.

recommendationId -> (string)

The ID of the list of recommendations that contains the item the user interacted with. Provide a `recommendationId` to have Amazon Personalize implicitly record the recommendations you show your user as impressions data. Or provide a `recommendationId` if you use a metric attribution to measure the impact of recommendations.

For more information on recording impressions data, see [Recording impressions data](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/personalize/latest/dg/recording-events.html#putevents-including-impressions-data) . For more information on creating a metric attribution see [Measuring impact of recommendations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/personalize/latest/dg/measuring-recommendation-impact.html) .

impression -> (list)

A list of item IDs that represents the sequence of items you have shown the user. For example, `["itemId1", "itemId2", "itemId3"]` . Provide a list of items to manually record impressions data for an event. For more information on recording impressions data, see [Recording impressions data](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/personalize/latest/dg/recording-events.html#putevents-including-impressions-data) .

(string)

metricAttribution -> (structure)

Contains information about the metric attribution associated with an event. For more information about metric attributions, see [Measuring impact of recommendations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/personalize/latest/dg/measuring-recommendation-impact.html) .

eventAttributionSource -> (string)

The source of the event, such as a third party.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
eventId=string,eventType=string,eventValue=float,itemId=string,properties=string,sentAt=timestamp,recommendationId=string,impression=string,string,metricAttribution={eventAttributionSource=string} ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "eventId": "string",
    "eventType": "string",
    "eventValue": float,
    "itemId": "string",
    "properties": "string",
    "sentAt": timestamp,
    "recommendationId": "string",
    "impression": ["string", ...],
    "metricAttribution": {
      "eventAttributionSource": "string"
    }
  }
  ...
]
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

None