# describe-bot-recommendation¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lexv2-models/describe-bot-recommendation.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lexv2-models/describe-bot-recommendation.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [lexv2-models](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lexv2-models/index.html#cli-aws-lexv2-models) ]

# describe-bot-recommendation

## Description

Provides metadata information about a bot recommendation. This information will enable you to get a description on the request inputs, to download associated transcripts after processing is complete, and to download intents and slot-types generated by the bot recommendation.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/models.lex.v2-2020-08-07/DescribeBotRecommendation)

## Synopsis

```
describe-bot-recommendation
--bot-id <value>
--bot-version <value>
--locale-id <value>
--bot-recommendation-id <value>
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--bot-id` (string)

The unique identifier of the bot associated with the bot recommendation.

`--bot-version` (string)

The version of the bot associated with the bot recommendation.

`--locale-id` (string)

The identifier of the language and locale of the bot recommendation to describe. The string must match one of the supported locales. For more information, see [Supported languages](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lexv2/latest/dg/how-languages.html) .

`--bot-recommendation-id` (string)

The identifier of the bot recommendation to describe.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

botId -> (string)

The identifier of the bot associated with the bot recommendation.

botVersion -> (string)

The version of the bot associated with the bot recommendation.

localeId -> (string)

The identifier of the language and locale of the bot recommendation to describe.

botRecommendationStatus -> (string)

The status of the bot recommendation. If the status is Failed, then the reasons for the failure are listed in the failureReasons field.

botRecommendationId -> (string)

The identifier of the bot recommendation being described.

failureReasons -> (list)

If botRecommendationStatus is Failed, Amazon Lex explains why.

(string)

creationDateTime -> (timestamp)

The date and time that the bot recommendation was created.

lastUpdatedDateTime -> (timestamp)

The date and time that the bot recommendation was last updated.

transcriptSourceSetting -> (structure)

The object representing the Amazon S3 bucket containing the transcript, as well as the associated metadata.

s3BucketTranscriptSource -> (structure)

Indicates the setting of the Amazon S3 bucket where the transcript is stored.

s3BucketName -> (string)

The name of the bucket containing the transcript and the associated metadata.

pathFormat -> (structure)

The object that contains a path format that will be applied when Amazon Lex reads the transcript file in the bucket you provide. Specify this object if you only want Lex to read a subset of files in your Amazon S3 bucket.

objectPrefixes -> (list)

A list of Amazon S3 prefixes that points to sub-folders in the Amazon S3 bucket. Specify this list if you only want Lex to read the files under this set of sub-folders.

(string)

transcriptFormat -> (string)

The format of the transcript content. Currently, Genie only supports the Amazon Lex transcript format.

transcriptFilter -> (structure)

The object that contains the filter which will be applied when Amazon Lex reads through the Amazon S3 bucket. Specify this object if you want Amazon Lex to read only a subset of the Amazon S3 bucket based on the filter you provide.

lexTranscriptFilter -> (structure)

The object representing the filter that Amazon Lex will use to select the appropriate transcript when the transcript format is the Amazon Lex format.

dateRangeFilter -> (structure)

The object that contains a date range filter that will be applied to the transcript. Specify this object if you want Amazon Lex to only read the files that are within the date range.

startDateTime -> (timestamp)

A timestamp indicating the start date for the date range filter.

endDateTime -> (timestamp)

A timestamp indicating the end date for the date range filter.

kmsKeyArn -> (string)

The ARN of the KMS key that customer use to encrypt their Amazon S3 bucket. Only use this field if your bucket is encrypted using a customer managed KMS key.

encryptionSetting -> (structure)

The object representing the passwords that were used to encrypt the data related to the bot recommendation results, as well as the KMS key ARN used to encrypt the associated metadata.

kmsKeyArn -> (string)

The KMS key ARN used to encrypt the metadata associated with the bot recommendation.

botLocaleExportPassword -> (string)

The password used to encrypt the recommended bot recommendation file.

associatedTranscriptsPassword -> (string)

The password used to encrypt the associated transcript file.

botRecommendationResults -> (structure)

The object representing the URL of the bot definition, the URL of the associated transcript and a statistical summary of the bot recommendation results.

botLocaleExportUrl -> (string)

The presigned URL link of the recommended bot definition.

associatedTranscriptsUrl -> (string)

The presigned url link of the associated transcript.

statistics -> (structure)

The statistical summary of the bot recommendation results.

intents -> (structure)

Statistical information about about the intents associated with the bot recommendation results.

discoveredIntentCount -> (integer)

The number of recommended intents associated with the bot recommendation.

slotTypes -> (structure)

Statistical information about the slot types associated with the bot recommendation results.

discoveredSlotTypeCount -> (integer)

The number of recommended slot types associated with the bot recommendation.