# create-token¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/sso-oidc/create-token.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/sso-oidc/create-token.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [sso-oidc](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/sso-oidc/index.html#cli-aws-sso-oidc) ]

# create-token

## Description

Creates and returns access and refresh tokens for clients that are authenticated using client secrets. The access token can be used to fetch short-lived credentials for the assigned AWS accounts or to access application APIs using `bearer` authentication.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/sso-oidc-2019-06-10/CreateToken)

## Synopsis

```
create-token
--client-id <value>
--client-secret <value>
--grant-type <value>
[--device-code <value>]
[--code <value>]
[--refresh-token <value>]
[--scope <value>]
[--redirect-uri <value>]
[--code-verifier <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--client-id` (string)

The unique identifier string for the client or application. This value comes from the result of the  RegisterClient API.

`--client-secret` (string)

A secret string generated for the client. This value should come from the persisted result of the  RegisterClient API.

`--grant-type` (string)

Supports the following OAuth grant types: Authorization Code, Device Code, and Refresh Token. Specify one of the following values, depending on the grant type that you want:

- Authorization Code - `authorization_code`
- Device Code - `urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:device_code`
- Refresh Token - `refresh_token`

`--device-code` (string)

Used only when calling this API for the Device Code grant type. This short-lived code is used to identify this authorization request. This comes from the result of the  StartDeviceAuthorization API.

`--code` (string)

Used only when calling this API for the Authorization Code grant type. The short-lived code is used to identify this authorization request.

`--refresh-token` (string)

Used only when calling this API for the Refresh Token grant type. This token is used to refresh short-lived tokens, such as the access token, that might expire.

For more information about the features and limitations of the current IAM Identity Center OIDC implementation, see *Considerations for Using this Guide* in the [IAM Identity Center OIDC API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/latest/OIDCAPIReference/Welcome.html) .

`--scope` (list)

The list of scopes for which authorization is requested. The access token that is issued is limited to the scopes that are granted. If this value is not specified, IAM Identity Center authorizes all scopes that are configured for the client during the call to  RegisterClient .

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--redirect-uri` (string)

Used only when calling this API for the Authorization Code grant type. This value specifies the location of the client or application that has registered to receive the authorization code.

`--code-verifier` (string)

Used only when calling this API for the Authorization Code grant type. This value is generated by the client and presented to validate the original code challenge value the client passed at authorization time.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

accessToken -> (string)

A bearer token to access Amazon Web Services accounts and applications assigned to a user.

tokenType -> (string)

Used to notify the client that the returned token is an access token. The supported token type is `Bearer` .

expiresIn -> (integer)

Indicates the time in seconds when an access token will expire.

refreshToken -> (string)

A token that, if present, can be used to refresh a previously issued access token that might have expired.

For more information about the features and limitations of the current IAM Identity Center OIDC implementation, see *Considerations for Using this Guide* in the [IAM Identity Center OIDC API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/latest/OIDCAPIReference/Welcome.html) .

idToken -> (string)

The `idToken` is not implemented or supported. For more information about the features and limitations of the current IAM Identity Center OIDC implementation, see *Considerations for Using this Guide* in the [IAM Identity Center OIDC API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/latest/OIDCAPIReference/Welcome.html) .

A JSON Web Token (JWT) that identifies who is associated with the issued access token.