# create-saml-provider¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/create-saml-provider.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/create-saml-provider.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [iam](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/index.html#cli-aws-iam) ]

# create-saml-provider

## Description

Creates an IAM resource that describes an identity provider (IdP) that supports SAML 2.0.

The SAML provider resource that you create with this operation can be used as a principal in an IAM role’s trust policy. Such a policy can enable federated users who sign in using the SAML IdP to assume the role. You can create an IAM role that supports Web-based single sign-on (SSO) to the Amazon Web Services Management Console or one that supports API access to Amazon Web Services.

When you create the SAML provider resource, you upload a SAML metadata document that you get from your IdP. That document includes the issuer’s name, expiration information, and keys that can be used to validate the SAML authentication response (assertions) that the IdP sends. You must generate the metadata document using the identity management software that is used as your organization’s IdP.

### Note

This operation requires [Signature Version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html) .

For more information, see [Enabling SAML 2.0 federated users to access the Amazon Web Services Management Console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_enable-console-saml.html) and [About SAML 2.0-based federation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_saml.html) in the *IAM User Guide* .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/iam-2010-05-08/CreateSAMLProvider)

## Synopsis

```
create-saml-provider
--saml-metadata-document <value>
--name <value>
[--tags <value>]
[--assertion-encryption-mode <value>]
[--add-private-key <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--saml-metadata-document` (string)

An XML document generated by an identity provider (IdP) that supports SAML 2.0. The document includes the issuer’s name, expiration information, and keys that can be used to validate the SAML authentication response (assertions) that are received from the IdP. You must generate the metadata document using the identity management software that is used as your organization’s IdP.

For more information, see [About SAML 2.0-based federation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_saml.html) in the *IAM User Guide*

`--name` (string)

The name of the provider to create.

This parameter allows (through its [regex pattern](http://wikipedia.org/wiki/regex) ) a string of characters consisting of upper and lowercase alphanumeric characters with no spaces. You can also include any of the following characters: _+=,.@-

`--tags` (list)

A list of tags that you want to attach to the new IAM SAML provider. Each tag consists of a key name and an associated value. For more information about tagging, see [Tagging IAM resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_tags.html) in the *IAM User Guide* .

### Note

If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed maximum number of tags, then the entire request fails and the resource is not created.

(structure)

A structure that represents user-provided metadata that can be associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tagging, see [Tagging IAM resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_tags.html) in the *IAM User Guide* .

Key -> (string)

The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the associated value. For example, `Department` or `Cost Center` are common choices.

Value -> (string)

The value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a key name of `Department` could have values such as `Human Resources` , `Accounting` , and `Support` . Tags with a key name of `Cost Center` might have values that consist of the number associated with the different cost centers in your company. Typically, many resources have tags with the same key name but with different values.

### Note

Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag `Value` as a single string. If you need to store an array, you can store comma-separated values in the string. However, you must interpret the value in your code.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Key=string,Value=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "Key": "string",
    "Value": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--assertion-encryption-mode` (string)

Specifies the encryption setting for the SAML provider.

Possible values:

- `Required`
- `Allowed`

`--add-private-key` (string)

The private key generated from your external identity provider. The private key must be a .pem file that uses AES-GCM or AES-CBC encryption algorithm to decrypt SAML assertions.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To create a SAML provider**

This example creates a new SAML provider in IAM named `MySAMLProvider`. It is described by the SAML metadata document found in the file `SAMLMetaData.xml`.

```
aws iam create-saml-provider \
    --saml-metadata-document file://SAMLMetaData.xml \
    --name MySAMLProvider
```

Output:

```
{
    "SAMLProviderArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/MySAMLProvider"
}
```

For more information, see [Creating IAM SAML identity providers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_create_saml.html) in the *AWS IAM User Guide*.

## Output

SAMLProviderArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the new SAML provider resource in IAM.

Tags -> (list)

A list of tags that are attached to the new IAM SAML provider. The returned list of tags is sorted by tag key. For more information about tagging, see [Tagging IAM resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_tags.html) in the *IAM User Guide* .

(structure)

A structure that represents user-provided metadata that can be associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tagging, see [Tagging IAM resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_tags.html) in the *IAM User Guide* .

Key -> (string)

The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the associated value. For example, `Department` or `Cost Center` are common choices.

Value -> (string)

The value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a key name of `Department` could have values such as `Human Resources` , `Accounting` , and `Support` . Tags with a key name of `Cost Center` might have values that consist of the number associated with the different cost centers in your company. Typically, many resources have tags with the same key name but with different values.

### Note

Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag `Value` as a single string. If you need to store an array, you can store comma-separated values in the string. However, you must interpret the value in your code.