# get-service-last-accessed-details-with-entities¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/get-service-last-accessed-details-with-entities.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/get-service-last-accessed-details-with-entities.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [iam](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/index.html#cli-aws-iam) ]

# get-service-last-accessed-details-with-entities

## Description

After you generate a group or policy report using the `GenerateServiceLastAccessedDetails` operation, you can use the `JobId` parameter in `GetServiceLastAccessedDetailsWithEntities` . This operation retrieves the status of your report job and a list of entities that could have used group or policy permissions to access the specified service.

- **Group** – For a group report, this operation returns a list of users in the group that could have used the group’s policies in an attempt to access the service.
- **Policy** – For a policy report, this operation returns a list of entities (users or roles) that could have used the policy in an attempt to access the service.

You can also use this operation for user or role reports to retrieve details about those entities.

If the operation fails, the `GetServiceLastAccessedDetailsWithEntities` operation returns the reason that it failed.

By default, the list of associated entities is sorted by date, with the most recent access listed first.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/iam-2010-05-08/GetServiceLastAccessedDetailsWithEntities)

## Synopsis

```
get-service-last-accessed-details-with-entities
--job-id <value>
--service-namespace <value>
[--max-items <value>]
[--marker <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--job-id` (string)

The ID of the request generated by the `GenerateServiceLastAccessedDetails` operation.

`--service-namespace` (string)

The service namespace for an Amazon Web Services service. Provide the service namespace to learn when the IAM entity last attempted to access the specified service.

To learn the service namespace for a service, see [Actions, resources, and condition keys for Amazon Web Services services](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/service-authorization/latest/reference/reference_policies_actions-resources-contextkeys.html) in the *IAM User Guide* . Choose the name of the service to view details for that service. In the first paragraph, find the service prefix. For example, `(service prefix: a4b)` . For more information about service namespaces, see [Amazon Web Services service namespaces](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html#genref-aws-service-namespaces) in the *Amazon Web Services General Reference* .

`--max-items` (integer)

Use this only when paginating results to indicate the maximum number of items you want in the response. If additional items exist beyond the maximum you specify, the `IsTruncated` response element is `true` .

If you do not include this parameter, the number of items defaults to 100. Note that IAM might return fewer results, even when there are more results available. In that case, the `IsTruncated` response element returns `true` , and `Marker` contains a value to include in the subsequent call that tells the service where to continue from.

`--marker` (string)

Use this parameter only when paginating results and only after you receive a response indicating that the results are truncated. Set it to the value of the `Marker` element in the response that you received to indicate where the next call should start.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To retrieve a service access report with details for a service**

The following `get-service-last-accessed-details-with-entities` example retrieves a report that contains details about IAM users and other entities that accessed the specified service. To generate a report, use the `generate-service-last-accessed-details` command. To get a list of services accessed with namespaces, use `get-service-last-accessed-details`.

```
aws iam get-service-last-accessed-details-with-entities \
    --job-id 78b6c2ba-d09e-6xmp-7039-ecde30b26916 \
    --service-namespace lambda
```

Output:

```
{
    "JobStatus": "COMPLETED",
    "JobCreationDate": "2019-10-01T03:55:41.756Z",
    "JobCompletionDate": "2019-10-01T03:55:42.533Z",
    "EntityDetailsList": [
        {
            "EntityInfo": {
                "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/admin",
                "Name": "admin",
                "Type": "USER",
                "Id": "AIDAIO2XMPLENQEXAMPLE",
                "Path": "/"
            },
            "LastAuthenticated": "2019-09-30T23:02:00Z"
        },
        {
            "EntityInfo": {
                "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/developer",
                "Name": "developer",
                "Type": "USER",
                "Id": "AIDAIBEYXMPL2YEXAMPLE",
                "Path": "/"
            },
            "LastAuthenticated": "2019-09-16T19:34:00Z"
        }
    ]
}
```

For more information, see [Refining permissions in AWS using last accessed information](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html) in the *AWS IAM User Guide*.

## Output

JobStatus -> (string)

The status of the job.

JobCreationDate -> (timestamp)

The date and time, in [ISO 8601 date-time format](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso8601) , when the report job was created.

JobCompletionDate -> (timestamp)

The date and time, in [ISO 8601 date-time format](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso8601) , when the generated report job was completed or failed.

This field is null if the job is still in progress, as indicated by a job status value of `IN_PROGRESS` .

EntityDetailsList -> (list)

An `EntityDetailsList` object that contains details about when an IAM entity (user or role) used group or policy permissions in an attempt to access the specified Amazon Web Services service.

(structure)

An object that contains details about when the IAM entities (users or roles) were last used in an attempt to access the specified Amazon Web Services service.

This data type is a response element in the  GetServiceLastAccessedDetailsWithEntities operation.

EntityInfo -> (structure)

The `EntityInfo` object that contains details about the entity (user or role).

Arn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN). ARNs are unique identifiers for Amazon Web Services resources.

For more information about ARNs, go to [Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) in the *Amazon Web Services General Reference* .

Name -> (string)

The name of the entity (user or role).

Type -> (string)

The type of entity (user or role).

Id -> (string)

The identifier of the entity (user or role).

Path -> (string)

The path to the entity (user or role). For more information about paths, see [IAM identifiers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html) in the *IAM User Guide* .

LastAuthenticated -> (timestamp)

The date and time, in [ISO 8601 date-time format](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso8601) , when the authenticated entity last attempted to access Amazon Web Services. Amazon Web Services does not report unauthenticated requests.

This field is null if no IAM entities attempted to access the service within the [tracking period](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html#service-last-accessed-reporting-period) .

IsTruncated -> (boolean)

A flag that indicates whether there are more items to return. If your results were truncated, you can make a subsequent pagination request using the `Marker` request parameter to retrieve more items. Note that IAM might return fewer than the `MaxItems` number of results even when there are more results available. We recommend that you check `IsTruncated` after every call to ensure that you receive all your results.

Marker -> (string)

When `IsTruncated` is `true` , this element is present and contains the value to use for the `Marker` parameter in a subsequent pagination request.

Error -> (structure)

An object that contains details about the reason the operation failed.

Message -> (string)

Detailed information about the reason that the operation failed.

Code -> (string)

The error code associated with the operation failure.