# get-service-last-accessed-details¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/get-service-last-accessed-details.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/get-service-last-accessed-details.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [iam](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/index.html#cli-aws-iam) ]

# get-service-last-accessed-details

## Description

Retrieves a service last accessed report that was created using the `GenerateServiceLastAccessedDetails` operation. You can use the `JobId` parameter in `GetServiceLastAccessedDetails` to retrieve the status of your report job. When the report is complete, you can retrieve the generated report. The report includes a list of Amazon Web Services services that the resource (user, group, role, or managed policy) can access.

### Note

Service last accessed data does not use other policy types when determining whether a resource could access a service. These other policy types include resource-based policies, access control lists, Organizations policies, IAM permissions boundaries, and STS assume role policies. It only applies permissions policy logic. For more about the evaluation of policy types, see [Evaluating policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_evaluation-logic.html#policy-eval-basics) in the *IAM User Guide* .

For each service that the resource could access using permissions policies, the operation returns details about the most recent access attempt. If there was no attempt, the service is listed without details about the most recent attempt to access the service. If the operation fails, the `GetServiceLastAccessedDetails` operation returns the reason that it failed.

The `GetServiceLastAccessedDetails` operation returns a list of services. This list includes the number of entities that have attempted to access the service and the date and time of the last attempt. It also returns the ARN of the following entity, depending on the resource ARN that you used to generate the report:

- **User** – Returns the user ARN that you used to generate the report
- **Group** – Returns the ARN of the group member (user) that last attempted to access the service
- **Role** – Returns the role ARN that you used to generate the report
- **Policy** – Returns the ARN of the user or role that last used the policy to attempt to access the service

By default, the list is sorted by service namespace.

If you specified `ACTION_LEVEL` granularity when you generated the report, this operation returns service and action last accessed data. This includes the most recent access attempt for each tracked action within a service. Otherwise, this operation returns only service data.

For more information about service and action last accessed data, see [Reducing permissions using service last accessed data](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html) in the *IAM User Guide* .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/iam-2010-05-08/GetServiceLastAccessedDetails)

## Synopsis

```
get-service-last-accessed-details
--job-id <value>
[--max-items <value>]
[--marker <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--job-id` (string)

The ID of the request generated by the  GenerateServiceLastAccessedDetails operation. The `JobId` returned by `GenerateServiceLastAccessedDetail` must be used by the same role within a session, or by the same user when used to call `GetServiceLastAccessedDetail` .

`--max-items` (integer)

Use this only when paginating results to indicate the maximum number of items you want in the response. If additional items exist beyond the maximum you specify, the `IsTruncated` response element is `true` .

If you do not include this parameter, the number of items defaults to 100. Note that IAM might return fewer results, even when there are more results available. In that case, the `IsTruncated` response element returns `true` , and `Marker` contains a value to include in the subsequent call that tells the service where to continue from.

`--marker` (string)

Use this parameter only when paginating results and only after you receive a response indicating that the results are truncated. Set it to the value of the `Marker` element in the response that you received to indicate where the next call should start.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To retrieve a service access report**

The following `get-service-last-accessed-details` example retrieves a previously generated report that lists the services accessed by IAM entities. To generate a report, use the `generate-service-last-accessed-details` command.

```
aws iam get-service-last-accessed-details \
    --job-id 2eb6c2b8-7b4c-3xmp-3c13-03b72c8cdfdc
```

Output:

```
{
    "JobStatus": "COMPLETED",
    "JobCreationDate": "2019-10-01T03:50:35.929Z",
    "ServicesLastAccessed": [
        ...
        {
            "ServiceName": "AWS Lambda",
            "LastAuthenticated": "2019-09-30T23:02:00Z",
            "ServiceNamespace": "lambda",
            "LastAuthenticatedEntity": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/admin",
            "TotalAuthenticatedEntities": 6
        },
    ]
}
```

For more information, see [Refining permissions in AWS using last accessed information](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html) in the *AWS IAM User Guide*.

## Output

JobStatus -> (string)

The status of the job.

JobType -> (string)

The type of job. Service jobs return information about when each service was last accessed. Action jobs also include information about when tracked actions within the service were last accessed.

JobCreationDate -> (timestamp)

The date and time, in [ISO 8601 date-time format](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso8601) , when the report job was created.

ServicesLastAccessed -> (list)

A `ServiceLastAccessed` object that contains details about the most recent attempt to access the service.

(structure)

Contains details about the most recent attempt to access the service.

This data type is used as a response element in the  GetServiceLastAccessedDetails operation.

ServiceName -> (string)

The name of the service in which access was attempted.

LastAuthenticated -> (timestamp)

The date and time, in [ISO 8601 date-time format](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso8601) , when an authenticated entity most recently attempted to access the service. Amazon Web Services does not report unauthenticated requests.

This field is null if no IAM entities attempted to access the service within the [tracking period](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html#service-last-accessed-reporting-period) .

ServiceNamespace -> (string)

The namespace of the service in which access was attempted.

To learn the service namespace of a service, see [Actions, resources, and condition keys for Amazon Web Services services](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/service-authorization/latest/reference/reference_policies_actions-resources-contextkeys.html) in the *Service Authorization Reference* . Choose the name of the service to view details for that service. In the first paragraph, find the service prefix. For example, `(service prefix: a4b)` . For more information about service namespaces, see [Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html#genref-aws-service-namespaces) in the *Amazon Web Services General Reference* .

LastAuthenticatedEntity -> (string)

The ARN of the authenticated entity (user or role) that last attempted to access the service. Amazon Web Services does not report unauthenticated requests.

This field is null if no IAM entities attempted to access the service within the [tracking period](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html#service-last-accessed-reporting-period) .

LastAuthenticatedRegion -> (string)

The Region from which the authenticated entity (user or role) last attempted to access the service. Amazon Web Services does not report unauthenticated requests.

This field is null if no IAM entities attempted to access the service within the [tracking period](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html#service-last-accessed-reporting-period) .

TotalAuthenticatedEntities -> (integer)

The total number of authenticated principals (root user, IAM users, or IAM roles) that have attempted to access the service.

This field is null if no principals attempted to access the service within the [tracking period](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html#service-last-accessed-reporting-period) .

TrackedActionsLastAccessed -> (list)

An object that contains details about the most recent attempt to access a tracked action within the service.

This field is null if there no tracked actions or if the principal did not use the tracked actions within the [tracking period](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html#service-last-accessed-reporting-period) . This field is also null if the report was generated at the service level and not the action level. For more information, see the `Granularity` field in  GenerateServiceLastAccessedDetails .

(structure)

Contains details about the most recent attempt to access an action within the service.

This data type is used as a response element in the  GetServiceLastAccessedDetails operation.

ActionName -> (string)

The name of the tracked action to which access was attempted. Tracked actions are actions that report activity to IAM.

LastAccessedEntity -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN). ARNs are unique identifiers for Amazon Web Services resources.

For more information about ARNs, go to [Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) in the *Amazon Web Services General Reference* .

LastAccessedTime -> (timestamp)

The date and time, in [ISO 8601 date-time format](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso8601) , when an authenticated entity most recently attempted to access the tracked service. Amazon Web Services does not report unauthenticated requests.

This field is null if no IAM entities attempted to access the service within the [tracking period](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html#service-last-accessed-reporting-period) .

LastAccessedRegion -> (string)

The Region from which the authenticated entity (user or role) last attempted to access the tracked action. Amazon Web Services does not report unauthenticated requests.

This field is null if no IAM entities attempted to access the service within the [tracking period](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_access-advisor.html#service-last-accessed-reporting-period) .

JobCompletionDate -> (timestamp)

The date and time, in [ISO 8601 date-time format](http://www.iso.org/iso/iso8601) , when the generated report job was completed or failed.

This field is null if the job is still in progress, as indicated by a job status value of `IN_PROGRESS` .

IsTruncated -> (boolean)

A flag that indicates whether there are more items to return. If your results were truncated, you can make a subsequent pagination request using the `Marker` request parameter to retrieve more items. Note that IAM might return fewer than the `MaxItems` number of results even when there are more results available. We recommend that you check `IsTruncated` after every call to ensure that you receive all your results.

Marker -> (string)

When `IsTruncated` is `true` , this element is present and contains the value to use for the `Marker` parameter in a subsequent pagination request.

Error -> (structure)

An object that contains details about the reason the operation failed.

Message -> (string)

Detailed information about the reason that the operation failed.

Code -> (string)

The error code associated with the operation failure.