# update-saml-provider¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/update-saml-provider.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/update-saml-provider.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [iam](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/iam/index.html#cli-aws-iam) ]

# update-saml-provider

## Description

Updates the metadata document, SAML encryption settings, and private keys for an existing SAML provider. To rotate private keys, add your new private key and then remove the old key in a separate request.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/iam-2010-05-08/UpdateSAMLProvider)

## Synopsis

```
update-saml-provider
[--saml-metadata-document <value>]
--saml-provider-arn <value>
[--assertion-encryption-mode <value>]
[--add-private-key <value>]
[--remove-private-key <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--saml-metadata-document` (string)

An XML document generated by an identity provider (IdP) that supports SAML 2.0. The document includes the issuer’s name, expiration information, and keys that can be used to validate the SAML authentication response (assertions) that are received from the IdP. You must generate the metadata document using the identity management software that is used as your IdP.

`--saml-provider-arn` (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SAML provider to update.

For more information about ARNs, see [Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) in the *Amazon Web Services General Reference* .

`--assertion-encryption-mode` (string)

Specifies the encryption setting for the SAML provider.

Possible values:

- `Required`
- `Allowed`

`--add-private-key` (string)

Specifies the new private key from your external identity provider. The private key must be a .pem file that uses AES-GCM or AES-CBC encryption algorithm to decrypt SAML assertions.

`--remove-private-key` (string)

The Key ID of the private key to remove.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To update the metadata document for an existing SAML provider**

This example updates the SAML provider in IAM whose ARN is `arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/SAMLADFS` with a new SAML metadata document from the file `SAMLMetaData.xml`.

```
aws iam update-saml-provider \
    --saml-metadata-document file://SAMLMetaData.xml \
    --saml-provider-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/SAMLADFS
```

Output:

```
{
    "SAMLProviderArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/SAMLADFS"
}
```

For more information, see [Creating IAM SAML identity providers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_create_saml.html) in the *AWS IAM User Guide*.

## Output

SAMLProviderArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SAML provider that was updated.