# create-forecast¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/forecast/create-forecast.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/forecast/create-forecast.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [forecast](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/forecast/index.html#cli-aws-forecast) ]

# create-forecast

## Description

Creates a forecast for each item in the `TARGET_TIME_SERIES` dataset that was used to train the predictor. This is known as inference. To retrieve the forecast for a single item at low latency, use the operation. To export the complete forecast into your Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket, use the  CreateForecastExportJob operation.

The range of the forecast is determined by the `ForecastHorizon` value, which you specify in the  CreatePredictor request. When you query a forecast, you can request a specific date range within the forecast.

To get a list of all your forecasts, use the  ListForecasts operation.

### Note

The forecasts generated by Amazon Forecast are in the same time zone as the dataset that was used to create the predictor.

For more information, see  howitworks-forecast .

### Note

The `Status` of the forecast must be `ACTIVE` before you can query or export the forecast. Use the  DescribeForecast operation to get the status.

By default, a forecast includes predictions for every item (`item_id` ) in the dataset group that was used to train the predictor. However, you can use the `TimeSeriesSelector` object to generate a forecast on a subset of time series. Forecast creation is skipped for any time series that you specify that are not in the input dataset. The forecast export file will not contain these time series or their forecasted values.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/forecast-2018-06-26/CreateForecast)

## Synopsis

```
create-forecast
--forecast-name <value>
--predictor-arn <value>
[--forecast-types <value>]
[--tags <value>]
[--time-series-selector <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--forecast-name` (string)

A name for the forecast.

`--predictor-arn` (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the predictor to use to generate the forecast.

`--forecast-types` (list)

The quantiles at which probabilistic forecasts are generated. **You can currently specify up to 5 quantiles per forecast** . Accepted values include `0.01 to 0.99` (increments of .01 only) and `mean` . The mean forecast is different from the median (0.50) when the distribution is not symmetric (for example, Beta and Negative Binomial).

The default quantiles are the quantiles you specified during predictor creation. If you didn’t specify quantiles, the default values are `["0.1", "0.5", "0.9"]` .

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--tags` (list)

The optional metadata that you apply to the forecast to help you categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value, both of which you define.

The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

- Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.
- For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag key can have only one value.
- Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.
- Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.
- If your tagging schema is used across multiple services and resources, remember that other services may have restrictions on allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: letters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following characters: + - = . _ : / @.
- Tag keys and values are case sensitive.
- Do not use `aws:` , `AWS:` , or any upper or lowercase combination of such as a prefix for keys as it is reserved for Amazon Web Services use. You cannot edit or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values can have this prefix. If a tag value has `aws` as its prefix but the key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user tag and will count against the limit of 50 tags. Tags with only the key prefix of `aws` do not count against your tags per resource limit.

(structure)

The optional metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value, both of which you define.

The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

- Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.
- For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag key can have only one value.
- Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.
- Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.
- If your tagging schema is used across multiple services and resources, remember that other services may have restrictions on allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: letters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following characters: + - = . _ : / @.
- Tag keys and values are case sensitive.
- Do not use `aws:` , `AWS:` , or any upper or lowercase combination of such as a prefix for keys as it is reserved for Amazon Web Services use. You cannot edit or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values can have this prefix. If a tag value has `aws` as its prefix but the key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user tag and will count against the limit of 50 tags. Tags with only the key prefix of `aws` do not count against your tags per resource limit.

Key -> (string)

One part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A `key` is a general label that acts like a category for more specific tag values.

Value -> (string)

The optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A `value` acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Key=string,Value=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "Key": "string",
    "Value": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--time-series-selector` (structure)

Defines the set of time series that are used to create the forecasts in a `TimeSeriesIdentifiers` object.

The `TimeSeriesIdentifiers` object needs the following information:

- `DataSource`
- `Format`
- `Schema`

TimeSeriesIdentifiers -> (structure)

Details about the import file that contains the time series for which you want to create forecasts.

DataSource -> (structure)

The source of your data, an Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that allows Amazon Forecast to access the data and, optionally, an Key Management Service (KMS) key.

S3Config -> (structure)

The path to the data stored in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket along with the credentials to access the data.

Path -> (string)

The path to an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket or file(s) in an Amazon S3 bucket.

RoleArn -> (string)

The ARN of the Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that Amazon Forecast can assume to access the Amazon S3 bucket or files. If you provide a value for the `KMSKeyArn` key, the role must allow access to the key.

Passing a role across Amazon Web Services accounts is not allowed. If you pass a role that isn’t in your account, you get an `InvalidInputException` error.

KMSKeyArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Key Management Service (KMS) key.

Schema -> (structure)

Defines the fields of a dataset.

Attributes -> (list)

An array of attributes specifying the name and type of each field in a dataset.

(structure)

An attribute of a schema, which defines a dataset field. A schema attribute is required for every field in a dataset. The [Schema](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/forecast/latest/dg/API_Schema.html) object contains an array of `SchemaAttribute` objects.

AttributeName -> (string)

The name of the dataset field.

AttributeType -> (string)

The data type of the field.

For a related time series dataset, other than date, item_id, and forecast dimensions attributes, all attributes should be of numerical type (integer/float).

Format -> (string)

The format of the data, either CSV or PARQUET.

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "TimeSeriesIdentifiers": {
    "DataSource": {
      "S3Config": {
        "Path": "string",
        "RoleArn": "string",
        "KMSKeyArn": "string"
      }
    },
    "Schema": {
      "Attributes": [
        {
          "AttributeName": "string",
          "AttributeType": "string"|"integer"|"float"|"timestamp"|"geolocation"
        }
        ...
      ]
    },
    "Format": "string"
  }
}
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

ForecastArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the forecast.