# get-load-balancer-metric-data¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [lightsail](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/index.html#cli-aws-lightsail) ]

# get-load-balancer-metric-data

## Description

Returns information about health metrics for your Lightsail load balancer.

Metrics report the utilization of your resources, and the error counts generated by them. Monitor and collect metric data regularly to maintain the reliability, availability, and performance of your resources.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/lightsail-2016-11-28/GetLoadBalancerMetricData)

## Synopsis

```
get-load-balancer-metric-data
--load-balancer-name <value>
--metric-name <value>
--period <value>
--start-time <value>
--end-time <value>
--unit <value>
--statistics <value>
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--load-balancer-name` (string)

The name of the load balancer.

`--metric-name` (string)

The metric for which you want to return information.

Valid load balancer metric names are listed below, along with the most useful `statistics` to include in your request, and the published `unit` value.

- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id1)`ClientTLSNegotiationErrorCount` ** - The number of TLS connections initiated by the client that did not establish a session with the load balancer due to a TLS error generated by the load balancer. Possible causes include a mismatch of ciphers or protocols.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id3)`HealthyHostCount` ** - The number of target instances that are considered healthy.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic are `Average` , `Minimum` , and `Maximum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id5)`HTTPCode_Instance_2XX_Count` ** - The number of HTTP 2XX response codes generated by the target instances. This does not include any response codes generated by the load balancer.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` . Note that `Minimum` , `Maximum` , and `Average` all return `1` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id7)`HTTPCode_Instance_3XX_Count` ** - The number of HTTP 3XX response codes generated by the target instances. This does not include any response codes generated by the load balancer.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` . Note that `Minimum` , `Maximum` , and `Average` all return `1` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id9)`HTTPCode_Instance_4XX_Count` ** - The number of HTTP 4XX response codes generated by the target instances. This does not include any response codes generated by the load balancer.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` . Note that `Minimum` , `Maximum` , and `Average` all return `1` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id11)`HTTPCode_Instance_5XX_Count` ** - The number of HTTP 5XX response codes generated by the target instances. This does not include any response codes generated by the load balancer.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` . Note that `Minimum` , `Maximum` , and `Average` all return `1` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id13)`HTTPCode_LB_4XX_Count` ** - The number of HTTP 4XX client error codes that originated from the load balancer. Client errors are generated when requests are malformed or incomplete. These requests were not received by the target instance. This count does not include response codes generated by the target instances.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` . Note that `Minimum` , `Maximum` , and `Average` all return `1` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id15)`HTTPCode_LB_5XX_Count` ** - The number of HTTP 5XX server error codes that originated from the load balancer. This does not include any response codes generated by the target instance. This metric is reported if there are no healthy instances attached to the load balancer, or if the request rate exceeds the capacity of the instances (spillover) or the load balancer.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` . Note that `Minimum` , `Maximum` , and `Average` all return `1` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id17)`InstanceResponseTime` ** - The time elapsed, in seconds, after the request leaves the load balancer until a response from the target instance is received.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Average` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Seconds` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id19)`RejectedConnectionCount` ** - The number of connections that were rejected because the load balancer had reached its maximum number of connections.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id21)`RequestCount` ** - The number of requests processed over IPv4. This count includes only the requests with a response generated by a target instance of the load balancer.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` . Note that `Minimum` , `Maximum` , and `Average` all return `1` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-load-balancer-metric-data.html#id23)`UnhealthyHostCount` ** - The number of target instances that are considered unhealthy.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic are `Average` , `Minimum` , and `Maximum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .

Possible values:

- `ClientTLSNegotiationErrorCount`
- `HealthyHostCount`
- `UnhealthyHostCount`
- `HTTPCode_LB_4XX_Count`
- `HTTPCode_LB_5XX_Count`
- `HTTPCode_Instance_2XX_Count`
- `HTTPCode_Instance_3XX_Count`
- `HTTPCode_Instance_4XX_Count`
- `HTTPCode_Instance_5XX_Count`
- `InstanceResponseTime`
- `RejectedConnectionCount`
- `RequestCount`

`--period` (integer)

The granularity, in seconds, of the returned data points.

`--start-time` (timestamp)

The start time of the period.

`--end-time` (timestamp)

The end time of the period.

`--unit` (string)

The unit for the metric data request. Valid units depend on the metric data being requested. For the valid units with each available metric, see the `metricName` parameter.

Possible values:

- `Seconds`
- `Microseconds`
- `Milliseconds`
- `Bytes`
- `Kilobytes`
- `Megabytes`
- `Gigabytes`
- `Terabytes`
- `Bits`
- `Kilobits`
- `Megabits`
- `Gigabits`
- `Terabits`
- `Percent`
- `Count`
- `Bytes/Second`
- `Kilobytes/Second`
- `Megabytes/Second`
- `Gigabytes/Second`
- `Terabytes/Second`
- `Bits/Second`
- `Kilobits/Second`
- `Megabits/Second`
- `Gigabits/Second`
- `Terabits/Second`
- `Count/Second`
- `None`

`--statistics` (list)

The statistic for the metric.

The following statistics are available:

- `Minimum` - The lowest value observed during the specified period. Use this value to determine low volumes of activity for your application.
- `Maximum` - The highest value observed during the specified period. Use this value to determine high volumes of activity for your application.
- `Sum` - All values submitted for the matching metric added together. You can use this statistic to determine the total volume of a metric.
- `Average` - The value of Sum / SampleCount during the specified period. By comparing this statistic with the Minimum and Maximum values, you can determine the full scope of a metric and how close the average use is to the Minimum and Maximum values. This comparison helps you to know when to increase or decrease your resources.
- `SampleCount` - The count, or number, of data points used for the statistical calculation.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...

Where valid values are:
  Minimum
  Maximum
  Sum
  Average
  SampleCount
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

metricName -> (string)

The name of the metric returned.

metricData -> (list)

An array of objects that describe the metric data returned.

(structure)

Describes the metric data point.

average -> (double)

The average.

maximum -> (double)

The maximum.

minimum -> (double)

The minimum.

sampleCount -> (double)

The sample count.

sum -> (double)

The sum.

timestamp -> (timestamp)

The timestamp (`1479816991.349` ).

unit -> (string)

The unit.