# get-distribution-metric-data¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-distribution-metric-data.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-distribution-metric-data.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [lightsail](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/index.html#cli-aws-lightsail) ]

# get-distribution-metric-data

## Description

Returns the data points of a specific metric for an Amazon Lightsail content delivery network (CDN) distribution.

Metrics report the utilization of your resources, and the error counts generated by them. Monitor and collect metric data regularly to maintain the reliability, availability, and performance of your resources.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/lightsail-2016-11-28/GetDistributionMetricData)

## Synopsis

```
get-distribution-metric-data
--distribution-name <value>
--metric-name <value>
--start-time <value>
--end-time <value>
--period <value>
--unit <value>
--statistics <value>
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--distribution-name` (string)

The name of the distribution for which to get metric data.

Use the `GetDistributions` action to get a list of distribution names that you can specify.

`--metric-name` (string)

The metric for which you want to return information.

Valid distribution metric names are listed below, along with the most useful `statistics` to include in your request, and the published `unit` value.

- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-distribution-metric-data.html#id1)`Requests` ** - The total number of viewer requests received by your Lightsail distribution, for all HTTP methods, and for both HTTP and HTTPS requests.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `None` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-distribution-metric-data.html#id3)`BytesDownloaded` ** - The number of bytes downloaded by viewers for GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `None` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-distribution-metric-data.html#id5)`BytesUploaded` ** - The number of bytes uploaded to your origin by your Lightsail distribution, using POST and PUT requests.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `None` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-distribution-metric-data.html#id7)`TotalErrorRate` ** - The percentage of all viewer requests for which the response’s HTTP status code was 4xx or 5xx.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Average` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Percent` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-distribution-metric-data.html#id9)`4xxErrorRate` ** - The percentage of all viewer requests for which the response’s HTTP status cod was 4xx. In these cases, the client or client viewer may have made an error. For example, a status code of 404 (Not Found) means that the client requested an object that could not be found.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Average` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Percent` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-distribution-metric-data.html#id11)`5xxErrorRate` ** - The percentage of all viewer requests for which the response’s HTTP status code was 5xx. In these cases, the origin server did not satisfy the requests. For example, a status code of 503 (Service Unavailable) means that the origin server is currently unavailable.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Average` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Percent` .

Possible values:

- `Requests`
- `BytesDownloaded`
- `BytesUploaded`
- `TotalErrorRate`
- `Http4xxErrorRate`
- `Http5xxErrorRate`

`--start-time` (timestamp)

The start of the time interval for which to get metric data.

Constraints:

- Specified in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
- Specified in the Unix time format. For example, if you wish to use a start time of October 1, 2018, at 8 PM UTC, specify `1538424000` as the start time.

You can convert a human-friendly time to Unix time format using a converter like [Epoch converter](https://www.epochconverter.com/) .

`--end-time` (timestamp)

The end of the time interval for which to get metric data.

Constraints:

- Specified in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
- Specified in the Unix time format. For example, if you wish to use an end time of October 1, 2018, at 9 PM UTC, specify `1538427600` as the end time.

You can convert a human-friendly time to Unix time format using a converter like [Epoch converter](https://www.epochconverter.com/) .

`--period` (integer)

The granularity, in seconds, for the metric data points that will be returned.

`--unit` (string)

The unit for the metric data request.

Valid units depend on the metric data being requested. For the valid units with each available metric, see the `metricName` parameter.

Possible values:

- `Seconds`
- `Microseconds`
- `Milliseconds`
- `Bytes`
- `Kilobytes`
- `Megabytes`
- `Gigabytes`
- `Terabytes`
- `Bits`
- `Kilobits`
- `Megabits`
- `Gigabits`
- `Terabits`
- `Percent`
- `Count`
- `Bytes/Second`
- `Kilobytes/Second`
- `Megabytes/Second`
- `Gigabytes/Second`
- `Terabytes/Second`
- `Bits/Second`
- `Kilobits/Second`
- `Megabits/Second`
- `Gigabits/Second`
- `Terabits/Second`
- `Count/Second`
- `None`

`--statistics` (list)

The statistic for the metric.

The following statistics are available:

- `Minimum` - The lowest value observed during the specified period. Use this value to determine low volumes of activity for your application.
- `Maximum` - The highest value observed during the specified period. Use this value to determine high volumes of activity for your application.
- `Sum` - All values submitted for the matching metric added together. You can use this statistic to determine the total volume of a metric.
- `Average` - The value of Sum / SampleCount during the specified period. By comparing this statistic with the Minimum and Maximum values, you can determine the full scope of a metric and how close the average use is to the Minimum and Maximum values. This comparison helps you to know when to increase or decrease your resources.
- `SampleCount` - The count, or number, of data points used for the statistical calculation.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...

Where valid values are:
  Minimum
  Maximum
  Sum
  Average
  SampleCount
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

metricName -> (string)

The name of the metric returned.

metricData -> (list)

An array of objects that describe the metric data returned.

(structure)

Describes the metric data point.

average -> (double)

The average.

maximum -> (double)

The maximum.

minimum -> (double)

The minimum.

sampleCount -> (double)

The sample count.

sum -> (double)

The sum.

timestamp -> (timestamp)

The timestamp (`1479816991.349` ).

unit -> (string)

The unit.