# get-instance-metric-data¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [lightsail](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/index.html#cli-aws-lightsail) ]

# get-instance-metric-data

## Description

Returns the data points for the specified Amazon Lightsail instance metric, given an instance name.

Metrics report the utilization of your resources, and the error counts generated by them. Monitor and collect metric data regularly to maintain the reliability, availability, and performance of your resources.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/lightsail-2016-11-28/GetInstanceMetricData)

## Synopsis

```
get-instance-metric-data
--instance-name <value>
--metric-name <value>
--period <value>
--start-time <value>
--end-time <value>
--unit <value>
--statistics <value>
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--instance-name` (string)

The name of the instance for which you want to get metrics data.

`--metric-name` (string)

The metric for which you want to return information.

Valid instance metric names are listed below, along with the most useful `statistics` to include in your request, and the published `unit` value.

- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id1)`BurstCapacityPercentage` ** - The percentage of CPU performance available for your instance to burst above its baseline. Your instance continuously accrues and consumes burst capacity. Burst capacity stops accruing when your instance’s `BurstCapacityPercentage` reaches 100%. For more information, see [Viewing instance burst capacity in Amazon Lightsail](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lightsail/latest/userguide/amazon-lightsail-viewing-instance-burst-capacity) .  `Statistics` : The most useful statistics are `Maximum` and `Average` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Percent` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id3)`BurstCapacityTime` ** - The available amount of time for your instance to burst at 100% CPU utilization. Your instance continuously accrues and consumes burst capacity. Burst capacity time stops accruing when your instance’s `BurstCapacityPercentage` metric reaches 100%. Burst capacity time is consumed at the full rate only when your instance operates at 100% CPU utilization. For example, if your instance operates at 50% CPU utilization in the burstable zone for a 5-minute period, then it consumes CPU burst capacity minutes at a 50% rate in that period. Your instance consumed 2 minutes and 30 seconds of CPU burst capacity minutes in the 5-minute period. For more information, see [Viewing instance burst capacity in Amazon Lightsail](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lightsail/latest/userguide/amazon-lightsail-viewing-instance-burst-capacity) .  `Statistics` : The most useful statistics are `Maximum` and `Average` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Seconds` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id5)`CPUUtilization` ** - The percentage of allocated compute units that are currently in use on the instance. This metric identifies the processing power to run the applications on the instance. Tools in your operating system can show a lower percentage than Lightsail when the instance is not allocated a full processor core.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistics are `Maximum` and `Average` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Percent` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id7)`NetworkIn` ** - The number of bytes received on all network interfaces by the instance. This metric identifies the volume of incoming network traffic to the instance. The number reported is the number of bytes received during the period. Because this metric is reported in 5-minute intervals, divide the reported number by 300 to find Bytes/second.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Bytes` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id9)`NetworkOut` ** - The number of bytes sent out on all network interfaces by the instance. This metric identifies the volume of outgoing network traffic from the instance. The number reported is the number of bytes sent during the period. Because this metric is reported in 5-minute intervals, divide the reported number by 300 to find Bytes/second.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Bytes` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id11)`StatusCheckFailed` ** - Reports whether the instance passed or failed both the instance status check and the system status check. This metric can be either 0 (passed) or 1 (failed). This metric data is available in 1-minute (60 seconds) granularity.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id13)`StatusCheckFailed_Instance` ** - Reports whether the instance passed or failed the instance status check. This metric can be either 0 (passed) or 1 (failed). This metric data is available in 1-minute (60 seconds) granularity.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id15)`StatusCheckFailed_System` ** - Reports whether the instance passed or failed the system status check. This metric can be either 0 (passed) or 1 (failed). This metric data is available in 1-minute (60 seconds) granularity.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .
- [**](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/get-instance-metric-data.html#id17)`MetadataNoToken` ** - Reports the number of times that the instance metadata service was successfully accessed without a token. This metric determines if there are any processes accessing instance metadata by using Instance Metadata Service Version 1, which doesn’t use a token. If all requests use token-backed sessions, such as Instance Metadata Service Version 2, then the value is 0.  `Statistics` : The most useful statistic is `Sum` .  `Unit` : The published unit is `Count` .

Possible values:

- `CPUUtilization`
- `NetworkIn`
- `NetworkOut`
- `StatusCheckFailed`
- `StatusCheckFailed_Instance`
- `StatusCheckFailed_System`
- `BurstCapacityTime`
- `BurstCapacityPercentage`
- `MetadataNoToken`

`--period` (integer)

The granularity, in seconds, of the returned data points.

The `StatusCheckFailed` , `StatusCheckFailed_Instance` , and `StatusCheckFailed_System` instance metric data is available in 1-minute (60 seconds) granularity. All other instance metric data is available in 5-minute (300 seconds) granularity.

`--start-time` (timestamp)

The start time of the time period.

`--end-time` (timestamp)

The end time of the time period.

`--unit` (string)

The unit for the metric data request. Valid units depend on the metric data being requested. For the valid units to specify with each available metric, see the `metricName` parameter.

Possible values:

- `Seconds`
- `Microseconds`
- `Milliseconds`
- `Bytes`
- `Kilobytes`
- `Megabytes`
- `Gigabytes`
- `Terabytes`
- `Bits`
- `Kilobits`
- `Megabits`
- `Gigabits`
- `Terabits`
- `Percent`
- `Count`
- `Bytes/Second`
- `Kilobytes/Second`
- `Megabytes/Second`
- `Gigabytes/Second`
- `Terabytes/Second`
- `Bits/Second`
- `Kilobits/Second`
- `Megabits/Second`
- `Gigabits/Second`
- `Terabits/Second`
- `Count/Second`
- `None`

`--statistics` (list)

The statistic for the metric.

The following statistics are available:

- `Minimum` - The lowest value observed during the specified period. Use this value to determine low volumes of activity for your application.
- `Maximum` - The highest value observed during the specified period. Use this value to determine high volumes of activity for your application.
- `Sum` - All values submitted for the matching metric added together. You can use this statistic to determine the total volume of a metric.
- `Average` - The value of Sum / SampleCount during the specified period. By comparing this statistic with the Minimum and Maximum values, you can determine the full scope of a metric and how close the average use is to the Minimum and Maximum values. This comparison helps you to know when to increase or decrease your resources.
- `SampleCount` - The count, or number, of data points used for the statistical calculation.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...

Where valid values are:
  Minimum
  Maximum
  Sum
  Average
  SampleCount
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To get metric data for an instance**

The following `get-instance-metric-data` example returns the average percent of `CPUUtilization` every `7200` seconds (2 hours) between `1571342400` and `1571428800` for instance `MEAN-1`.

We recommend that you use a unix time converter to identify the start and end times.

```
aws lightsail get-instance-metric-data \
    --instance-name MEAN-1 \
    --metric-name CPUUtilization \
    --period 7200 \
    --start-time 1571342400 \
    --end-time 1571428800 \
    --unit Percent \
    --statistics Average
```

Output:

```
{
    "metricName": "CPUUtilization",
    "metricData": [
        {
            "average": 0.26113718770120725,
            "timestamp": 1571342400.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.26861268928111953,
            "timestamp": 1571392800.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.28187475104748777,
            "timestamp": 1571378400.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.2651936960458352,
            "timestamp": 1571421600.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.2561856213712188,
            "timestamp": 1571371200.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.3021383254607764,
            "timestamp": 1571356800.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.2618381649223539,
            "timestamp": 1571407200.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.26331929394825787,
            "timestamp": 1571400000.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.2576348407007818,
            "timestamp": 1571385600.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.2513008454658378,
            "timestamp": 1571364000.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.26329974562758346,
            "timestamp": 1571414400.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        },
        {
            "average": 0.2667092536656445,
            "timestamp": 1571349600.0,
            "unit": "Percent"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Output

metricName -> (string)

The name of the metric returned.

metricData -> (list)

An array of objects that describe the metric data returned.

(structure)

Describes the metric data point.

average -> (double)

The average.

maximum -> (double)

The maximum.

minimum -> (double)

The minimum.

sampleCount -> (double)

The sample count.

sum -> (double)

The sum.

timestamp -> (timestamp)

The timestamp (`1479816991.349` ).

unit -> (string)

The unit.