# update-relational-database¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/update-relational-database.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/update-relational-database.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [lightsail](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/lightsail/index.html#cli-aws-lightsail) ]

# update-relational-database

## Description

Allows the update of one or more attributes of a database in Amazon Lightsail.

Updates are applied immediately, or in cases where the updates could result in an outage, are applied during the database’s predefined maintenance window.

The `update relational database` operation supports tag-based access control via resource tags applied to the resource identified by relationalDatabaseName. For more information, see the [Amazon Lightsail Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lightsail/latest/userguide/amazon-lightsail-controlling-access-using-tags) .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/lightsail-2016-11-28/UpdateRelationalDatabase)

## Synopsis

```
update-relational-database
--relational-database-name <value>
[--master-user-password <value>]
[--rotate-master-user-password | --no-rotate-master-user-password]
[--preferred-backup-window <value>]
[--preferred-maintenance-window <value>]
[--enable-backup-retention | --no-enable-backup-retention]
[--disable-backup-retention | --no-disable-backup-retention]
[--publicly-accessible | --no-publicly-accessible]
[--apply-immediately | --no-apply-immediately]
[--ca-certificate-identifier <value>]
[--relational-database-blueprint-id <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--relational-database-name` (string)

The name of your Lightsail database resource to update.

`--master-user-password` (string)

The password for the master user. The password can include any printable ASCII character except “/”, “””, or “@”.

My**SQL**

Constraints: Must contain from 8 to 41 characters.

**PostgreSQL**

Constraints: Must contain from 8 to 128 characters.

`--rotate-master-user-password` | `--no-rotate-master-user-password` (boolean)

When `true` , the master user password is changed to a new strong password generated by Lightsail.

Use the `get relational database master user password` operation to get the new password.

`--preferred-backup-window` (string)

The daily time range during which automated backups are created for your database if automated backups are enabled.

Constraints:

- Must be in the `hh24:mi-hh24:mi` format. Example: `16:00-16:30`
- Specified in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
- Must not conflict with the preferred maintenance window.
- Must be at least 30 minutes.

`--preferred-maintenance-window` (string)

The weekly time range during which system maintenance can occur on your database.

The default is a 30-minute window selected at random from an 8-hour block of time for each Amazon Web Services Region, occurring on a random day of the week.

Constraints:

- Must be in the `ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi` format.
- Valid days: Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun.
- Must be at least 30 minutes.
- Specified in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
- Example: `Tue:17:00-Tue:17:30`

`--enable-backup-retention` | `--no-enable-backup-retention` (boolean)

When `true` , enables automated backup retention for your database.

Updates are applied during the next maintenance window because this can result in an outage.

`--disable-backup-retention` | `--no-disable-backup-retention` (boolean)

When `true` , disables automated backup retention for your database.

Disabling backup retention deletes all automated database backups. Before disabling this, you may want to create a snapshot of your database using the `create relational database snapshot` operation.

Updates are applied during the next maintenance window because this can result in an outage.

`--publicly-accessible` | `--no-publicly-accessible` (boolean)

Specifies the accessibility options for your database. A value of `true` specifies a database that is available to resources outside of your Lightsail account. A value of `false` specifies a database that is available only to your Lightsail resources in the same region as your database.

`--apply-immediately` | `--no-apply-immediately` (boolean)

When `true` , applies changes immediately. When `false` , applies changes during the preferred maintenance window. Some changes may cause an outage.

Default: `false`

`--ca-certificate-identifier` (string)

Indicates the certificate that needs to be associated with the database.

`--relational-database-blueprint-id` (string)

This parameter is used to update the major version of the database. Enter the `blueprintId` for the major version that you want to update to.

Use the [GetRelationalDatabaseBlueprints](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lightsail/2016-11-28/api-reference/API_GetRelationalDatabaseBlueprints.html) action to get a list of available blueprint IDs.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

operations -> (list)

An array of objects that describe the result of the action, such as the status of the request, the timestamp of the request, and the resources affected by the request.

(structure)

Describes the API operation.

id -> (string)

The ID of the operation.

resourceName -> (string)

The resource name.

resourceType -> (string)

The resource type.

createdAt -> (timestamp)

The timestamp when the operation was initialized (`1479816991.349` ).

location -> (structure)

The Amazon Web Services Region and Availability Zone.

availabilityZone -> (string)

The Availability Zone. Follows the format `us-east-2a` (case-sensitive).

regionName -> (string)

The Amazon Web Services Region name.

isTerminal -> (boolean)

A Boolean value indicating whether the operation is terminal.

operationDetails -> (string)

Details about the operation (`Debian-1GB-Ohio-1` ).

operationType -> (string)

The type of operation.

status -> (string)

The status of the operation.

statusChangedAt -> (timestamp)

The timestamp when the status was changed (`1479816991.349` ).

errorCode -> (string)

The error code.

errorDetails -> (string)

The error details.