# batch-update-findings¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/securityhub/batch-update-findings.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/securityhub/batch-update-findings.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [securityhub](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/securityhub/index.html#cli-aws-securityhub) ]

# batch-update-findings

## Description

Used by Security Hub customers to update information about their investigation into a finding. Requested by administrator accounts or member accounts. Administrator accounts can update findings for their account and their member accounts. Member accounts can update findings for their account.

Updates from `BatchUpdateFindings` don’t affect the value of `UpdatedAt` for a finding.

Administrator and member accounts can use `BatchUpdateFindings` to update the following finding fields and objects.

- `Confidence`
- `Criticality`
- `Note`
- `RelatedFindings`
- `Severity`
- `Types`
- `UserDefinedFields`
- `VerificationState`
- `Workflow`

You can configure IAM policies to restrict access to fields and field values. For example, you might not want member accounts to be able to suppress findings or change the finding severity. See [Configuring access to BatchUpdateFindings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/finding-update-batchupdatefindings.html#batchupdatefindings-configure-access) in the *Security Hub User Guide* .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/securityhub-2018-10-26/BatchUpdateFindings)

## Synopsis

```
batch-update-findings
--finding-identifiers <value>
[--note <value>]
[--severity <value>]
[--verification-state <value>]
[--confidence <value>]
[--criticality <value>]
[--types <value>]
[--user-defined-fields <value>]
[--workflow <value>]
[--related-findings <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--finding-identifiers` (list)

The list of findings to update. `BatchUpdateFindings` can be used to update up to 100 findings at a time.

For each finding, the list provides the finding identifier and the ARN of the finding provider.

(structure)

Identifies which finding to get the finding history for.

Id -> (string)

The identifier of the finding that was specified by the finding provider.

ProductArn -> (string)

The ARN generated by Security Hub that uniquely identifies a product that generates findings. This can be the ARN for a third-party product that is integrated with Security Hub, or the ARN for a custom integration.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Id=string,ProductArn=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "Id": "string",
    "ProductArn": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--note` (structure)

The updated note.

Text -> (string)

The updated note text.

UpdatedBy -> (string)

The principal that updated the note.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Text=string,UpdatedBy=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "Text": "string",
  "UpdatedBy": "string"
}
```

`--severity` (structure)

Used to update the finding severity.

Normalized -> (integer)

The normalized severity for the finding. This attribute is to be deprecated in favor of `Label` .

If you provide `Normalized` and don’t provide `Label` , `Label` is set automatically as follows.

- 0 - `INFORMATIONAL`
- 1–39 - `LOW`
- 40–69 - `MEDIUM`
- 70–89 - `HIGH`
- 90–100 - `CRITICAL`

Product -> (double)

The native severity as defined by the Amazon Web Services service or integrated partner product that generated the finding.

Label -> (string)

The severity value of the finding. The allowed values are the following.

- `INFORMATIONAL` - No issue was found.
- `LOW` - The issue does not require action on its own.
- `MEDIUM` - The issue must be addressed but not urgently.
- `HIGH` - The issue must be addressed as a priority.
- `CRITICAL` - The issue must be remediated immediately to avoid it escalating.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Normalized=integer,Product=double,Label=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "Normalized": integer,
  "Product": double,
  "Label": "INFORMATIONAL"|"LOW"|"MEDIUM"|"HIGH"|"CRITICAL"
}
```

`--verification-state` (string)

Indicates the veracity of a finding.

The available values for `VerificationState` are as follows.

- `UNKNOWN` – The default disposition of a security finding
- `TRUE_POSITIVE` – The security finding is confirmed
- `FALSE_POSITIVE` – The security finding was determined to be a false alarm
- `BENIGN_POSITIVE` – A special case of `TRUE_POSITIVE` where the finding doesn’t pose any threat, is expected, or both

Possible values:

- `UNKNOWN`
- `TRUE_POSITIVE`
- `FALSE_POSITIVE`
- `BENIGN_POSITIVE`

`--confidence` (integer)

The updated value for the finding confidence. Confidence is defined as the likelihood that a finding accurately identifies the behavior or issue that it was intended to identify.

Confidence is scored on a 0-100 basis using a ratio scale, where 0 means zero percent confidence and 100 means 100 percent confidence.

`--criticality` (integer)

The updated value for the level of importance assigned to the resources associated with the findings.

A score of 0 means that the underlying resources have no criticality, and a score of 100 is reserved for the most critical resources.

`--types` (list)

One or more finding types in the format of namespace/category/classifier that classify a finding.

Valid namespace values are as follows.

- Software and Configuration Checks
- TTPs
- Effects
- Unusual Behaviors
- Sensitive Data Identifications

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--user-defined-fields` (map)

A list of name/value string pairs associated with the finding. These are custom, user-defined fields added to a finding.

key -> (string)

value -> (string)

Shorthand Syntax:

```
KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{"string": "string"
  ...}
```

`--workflow` (structure)

Used to update the workflow status of a finding.

The workflow status indicates the progress of the investigation into the finding.

Status -> (string)

The status of the investigation into the finding. The workflow status is specific to an individual finding. It does not affect the generation of new findings. For example, setting the workflow status to `SUPPRESSED` or `RESOLVED` does not prevent a new finding for the same issue.

The allowed values are the following.

- `NEW` - The initial state of a finding, before it is reviewed. Security Hub also resets `WorkFlowStatus` from `NOTIFIED` or `RESOLVED` to `NEW` in the following cases:
- The record state changes from `ARCHIVED` to `ACTIVE` .
- The compliance status changes from `PASSED` to either `WARNING` , `FAILED` , or `NOT_AVAILABLE` .
- `NOTIFIED` - Indicates that you notified the resource owner about the security issue. Used when the initial reviewer is not the resource owner, and needs intervention from the resource owner.
- `RESOLVED` - The finding was reviewed and remediated and is now considered resolved.
- `SUPPRESSED` - Indicates that you reviewed the finding and don’t believe that any action is needed. The finding is no longer updated.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Status=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "Status": "NEW"|"NOTIFIED"|"RESOLVED"|"SUPPRESSED"
}
```

`--related-findings` (list)

A list of findings that are related to the updated findings.

(structure)

Details about a related finding.

ProductArn -> (string)

The ARN of the product that generated a related finding.

Id -> (string)

The product-generated identifier for a related finding.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
ProductArn=string,Id=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "ProductArn": "string",
    "Id": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**Example 1: To update a finding**

The following `batch-update-findings` example updates two findings to add a note, change the severity label, and resolve it.

```
aws securityhub batch-update-findings \
    --finding-identifiers '[{"Id": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:subscription/pci-dss/v/3.2.1/PCI.Lambda.2/finding/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111", "ProductArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::product/aws/securityhub"}, {"Id": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:subscription/pci-dss/v/3.2.1/PCI.Lambda.2/finding/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE22222", "ProductArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::product/aws/securityhub"}]' \
    --note '{"Text": "Known issue that is not a risk.", "UpdatedBy": "user1"}' \
    --severity '{"Label": "LOW"}' \
    --workflow '{"Status": "RESOLVED"}'
```

Output:

```
{
    "ProcessedFindings": [
        {
            "Id": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:subscription/pci-dss/v/3.2.1/PCI.Lambda.2/finding/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
            "ProductArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::product/aws/securityhub"
        },
        {
            "Id": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:subscription/pci-dss/v/3.2.1/PCI.Lambda.2/finding/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE22222",
            "ProductArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::product/aws/securityhub"
        }
    ],
    "UnprocessedFindings": []
}
```

For more information, see [Using BatchUpdateFindings to update a finding](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/finding-update-batchupdatefindings.html) in the *AWS Security Hub User Guide*.

**Example 2: To update a finding using shorthand syntax**

The following `batch-update-findings` example updates two findings to add a note, change the severity label, and resolve it using shorthand syntax.

```
aws securityhub batch-update-findings \
    --finding-identifiers Id="arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:subscription/pci-dss/v/3.2.1/PCI.Lambda.2/finding/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",ProductArn="arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::product/aws/securityhub" Id="arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:subscription/pci-dss/v/3.2.1/PCI.Lambda.2/finding/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE22222",ProductArn="arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::product/aws/securityhub" \
    --note Text="Known issue that is not a risk.",UpdatedBy="user1" \
    --severity Label="LOW" \
    --workflow Status="RESOLVED"
```

Output:

```
{
    "ProcessedFindings": [
        {
            "Id": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:subscription/pci-dss/v/3.2.1/PCI.Lambda.2/finding/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
            "ProductArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::product/aws/securityhub"
        },
        {
            "Id": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:subscription/pci-dss/v/3.2.1/PCI.Lambda.2/finding/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE22222",
            "ProductArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::product/aws/securityhub"
        }
    ],
    "UnprocessedFindings": []
}
```

For more information, see [Using BatchUpdateFindings to update a finding](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/finding-update-batchupdatefindings.html) in the *AWS Security Hub User Guide*.

## Output

ProcessedFindings -> (list)

The list of findings that were updated successfully.

(structure)

Identifies which finding to get the finding history for.

Id -> (string)

The identifier of the finding that was specified by the finding provider.

ProductArn -> (string)

The ARN generated by Security Hub that uniquely identifies a product that generates findings. This can be the ARN for a third-party product that is integrated with Security Hub, or the ARN for a custom integration.

UnprocessedFindings -> (list)

The list of findings that were not updated.

(structure)

A finding from a `BatchUpdateFindings` request that Security Hub was unable to update.

FindingIdentifier -> (structure)

The identifier of the finding that was not updated.

Id -> (string)

The identifier of the finding that was specified by the finding provider.

ProductArn -> (string)

The ARN generated by Security Hub that uniquely identifies a product that generates findings. This can be the ARN for a third-party product that is integrated with Security Hub, or the ARN for a custom integration.

ErrorCode -> (string)

The code associated with the error. Possible values are:

- `ConcurrentUpdateError` - Another request attempted to update the finding while this request was being processed. This error may also occur if you call ` `BatchUpdateFindings` [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/1.0/APIReference/API_BatchUpdateFindings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/1.0/APIReference/API_BatchUpdateFindings).html`__ and ` `BatchImportFindings` [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/1.0/APIReference/API_BatchImportFindings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/1.0/APIReference/API_BatchImportFindings).html`__ at the same time.
- `DuplicatedFindingIdentifier` - The request included two or more findings with the same `FindingIdentifier` .
- `FindingNotFound` - The `FindingIdentifier` included in the request did not match an existing finding.
- `FindingSizeExceeded` - The finding size was greater than the permissible value of 240 KB.
- `InternalFailure` - An internal service failure occurred when updating the finding.
- `InvalidInput` - The finding update contained an invalid value that did not satisfy the [Amazon Web Services Security Finding Format](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-findings-format.html) syntax.

ErrorMessage -> (string)

The message associated with the error. Possible values are:

- `Concurrent finding updates detected`
- `Finding Identifier is duplicated`
- `Finding Not Found`
- `Finding size exceeded 240 KB`
- `Internal service failure`
- `Invalid Input`