# put-rum-events¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/rum/put-rum-events.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/rum/put-rum-events.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [rum](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/rum/index.html#cli-aws-rum) ]

# put-rum-events

## Description

Sends telemetry events about your application performance and user behavior to CloudWatch RUM. The code snippet that RUM generates for you to add to your application includes `PutRumEvents` operations to send this data to RUM.

Each `PutRumEvents` operation can send a batch of events from one user session.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/rum-2018-05-10/PutRumEvents)

## Synopsis

```
put-rum-events
[--alias <value>]
--app-monitor-details <value>
--batch-id <value>
--id <value>
--rum-events <value>
--user-details <value>
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--alias` (string)

If the app monitor uses a resource-based policy that requires `PutRumEvents` requests to specify a certain alias, specify that alias here. This alias will be compared to the `rum:alias` context key in the resource-based policy. For more information, see [Using resource-based policies with CloudWatch RUM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-RUM-resource-policies.html) .

`--app-monitor-details` (structure)

A structure that contains information about the app monitor that collected this telemetry information.

id -> (string)

The unique ID of the app monitor.

name -> (string)

The name of the app monitor.

version -> (string)

The version of the app monitor.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
id=string,name=string,version=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "id": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "version": "string"
}
```

`--batch-id` (string)

A unique identifier for this batch of RUM event data.

`--id` (string)

The ID of the app monitor that is sending this data.

`--rum-events` (list)

An array of structures that contain the telemetry event data.

(structure)

A structure that contains the information for one performance event that RUM collects from a user session with your application.

details -> (string)

A string containing details about the event.

id -> (string)

A unique ID for this event.

metadata -> (string)

Metadata about this event, which contains a JSON serialization of the identity of the user for this session. The user information comes from information such as the HTTP user-agent request header and document interface.

timestamp -> (timestamp)

The exact time that this event occurred.

type -> (string)

The JSON schema that denotes the type of event this is, such as a page load or a new session.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
details=string,id=string,metadata=string,timestamp=timestamp,type=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "details": "string",
    "id": "string",
    "metadata": "string",
    "timestamp": timestamp,
    "type": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--user-details` (structure)

A structure that contains information about the user session that this batch of events was collected from.

sessionId -> (string)

The session ID that the performance events are from.

userId -> (string)

The ID of the user for this user session. This ID is generated by RUM and does not include any personally identifiable information about the user.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
sessionId=string,userId=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "sessionId": "string",
  "userId": "string"
}
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

None