# list-findings-v2¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/accessanalyzer/list-findings-v2.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/accessanalyzer/list-findings-v2.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [accessanalyzer](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/accessanalyzer/index.html#cli-aws-accessanalyzer) ]

# list-findings-v2

## Description

Retrieves a list of findings generated by the specified analyzer. ListFindings and ListFindingsV2 both use `access-analyzer:ListFindings` in the `Action` element of an IAM policy statement. You must have permission to perform the `access-analyzer:ListFindings` action.

To learn about filter keys that you can use to retrieve a list of findings, see [IAM Access Analyzer filter keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access-analyzer-reference-filter-keys.html) in the **IAM User Guide** .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/accessanalyzer-2019-11-01/ListFindingsV2)

`list-findings-v2` is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagination by providing the `--no-paginate` argument.
When using `--output text` and the `--query` argument on a paginated response, the `--query` argument must extract data from the results of the following query expressions: `findings`

## Synopsis

```
list-findings-v2
--analyzer-arn <value>
[--filter <value>]
[--sort <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--starting-token <value>]
[--page-size <value>]
[--max-items <value>]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--analyzer-arn` (string)

The [ARN of the analyzer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access-analyzer-getting-started.html#permission-resources) to retrieve findings from.

`--filter` (map)

A filter to match for the findings to return.

key -> (string)

value -> (structure)

The criteria to use in the filter that defines the archive rule. For more information on available filter keys, see [IAM Access Analyzer filter keys](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access-analyzer-reference-filter-keys.html) .

eq -> (list)

An “equals” operator to match for the filter used to create the rule.

(string)

neq -> (list)

A “not equals” operator to match for the filter used to create the rule.

(string)

contains -> (list)

A “contains” operator to match for the filter used to create the rule.

(string)

exists -> (boolean)

An “exists” operator to match for the filter used to create the rule.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
KeyName1=eq=string,string,neq=string,string,contains=string,string,exists=boolean,KeyName2=eq=string,string,neq=string,string,contains=string,string,exists=boolean
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{"string": {
      "eq": ["string", ...],
      "neq": ["string", ...],
      "contains": ["string", ...],
      "exists": true|false
    }
  ...}
```

`--sort` (structure)

The criteria used to sort.

attributeName -> (string)

The name of the attribute to sort on.

orderBy -> (string)

The sort order, ascending or descending.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
attributeName=string,orderBy=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "attributeName": "string",
  "orderBy": "ASC"|"DESC"
}
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--starting-token` (string)

A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the `NextToken` from a previously truncated response.

For usage examples, see [Pagination](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/pagination.html) in the *AWS Command Line Interface User Guide* .

`--page-size` (integer)

The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not affect the number of items returned in the command’s output. Setting a smaller page size results in more calls to the AWS service, retrieving fewer items in each call. This can help prevent the AWS service calls from timing out.

For usage examples, see [Pagination](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/pagination.html) in the *AWS Command Line Interface User Guide* .

`--max-items` (integer)

The total number of items to return in the command’s output. If the total number of items available is more than the value specified, a `NextToken` is provided in the command’s output. To resume pagination, provide the `NextToken` value in the `starting-token` argument of a subsequent command. **Do not** use the `NextToken` response element directly outside of the AWS CLI.

For usage examples, see [Pagination](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/pagination.html) in the *AWS Command Line Interface User Guide* .

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To retrieve a list of findings generated by the specified analyzer**

The following `list-findings-v2` example retrieves a list of findings generated by the specified analyzer in your AWS account. This example filters the results to include only IAM roles whose name contains `Cognito`.

```
aws accessanalyzer list-findings-v2 \
    --analyzer-arn arn:aws:access-analyzer:us-west-2:111122223333:analyzer/ConsoleAnalyzer-account \
    --filter '{"resource": {"contains": ["Cognito"]}, "resourceType": {"eq": ["AWS::IAM::Role"]}}'
```

Output:

```
{
    "findings": [
        {
            "analyzedAt": "2024-02-16T18:17:47.888000+00:00",
            "createdAt": "2021-02-26T21:17:24.710000+00:00",
            "id": "597f3bc2-3adc-4c18-9879-5c4b23485e46",
            "resource": "arn:aws:iam::111122223333:role/Cognito_testpoolUnauth_Role",
            "resourceType": "AWS::IAM::Role",
            "resourceOwnerAccount": "111122223333",
            "status": "ACTIVE",
            "updatedAt": "2021-02-26T21:17:24.710000+00:00",
            "findingType": "ExternalAccess"
        },
        {
            "analyzedAt": "2024-02-16T18:17:47.888000+00:00",
            "createdAt": "2021-02-26T21:17:50.905000+00:00",
            "id": "ce0e221a-85b9-4d52-91ff-d7678075442f",
            "resource": "arn:aws:iam::111122223333:role/Cognito_testpoolAuth_Role",
            "resourceType": "AWS::IAM::Role",
            "resourceOwnerAccount": "111122223333",
            "status": "ACTIVE",
            "updatedAt": "2021-02-26T21:17:50.905000+00:00",
            "findingType": "ExternalAccess"
        }
    ]
}
```

For more information, see [Using AWS Identity and Access Management Access Analyzer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/what-is-access-analyzer.html) in the *AWS IAM User Guide*.

## Output

findings -> (list)

A list of findings retrieved from the analyzer that match the filter criteria specified, if any.

(structure)

Contains information about a finding.

analyzedAt -> (timestamp)

The time at which the resource-based policy or IAM entity that generated the finding was analyzed.

createdAt -> (timestamp)

The time at which the finding was created.

error -> (string)

The error that resulted in an Error finding.

id -> (string)

The ID of the finding.

resource -> (string)

The resource that the external principal has access to.

resourceType -> (string)

The type of the resource that the external principal has access to.

resourceOwnerAccount -> (string)

The Amazon Web Services account ID that owns the resource.

status -> (string)

The status of the finding.

updatedAt -> (timestamp)

The time at which the finding was most recently updated.

findingType -> (string)

The type of the external access or unused access finding.

nextToken -> (string)

A token used for pagination of results returned.