# query-forecast¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/forecastquery/query-forecast.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/forecastquery/query-forecast.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [forecastquery](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/forecastquery/index.html#cli-aws-forecastquery) ]

# query-forecast

## Description

Retrieves a forecast for a single item, filtered by the supplied criteria.

The criteria is a key-value pair. The key is either `item_id` (or the equivalent non-timestamp, non-target field) from the `TARGET_TIME_SERIES` dataset, or one of the forecast dimensions specified as part of the `FeaturizationConfig` object.

By default, `QueryForecast` returns the complete date range for the filtered forecast. You can request a specific date range.

To get the full forecast, use the [CreateForecastExportJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/forecast/latest/dg/API_CreateForecastExportJob.html) operation.

### Note

The forecasts generated by Amazon Forecast are in the same timezone as the dataset that was used to create the predictor.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/forecastquery-2018-06-26/QueryForecast)

## Synopsis

```
query-forecast
--forecast-arn <value>
[--start-date <value>]
[--end-date <value>]
--filters <value>
[--next-token <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--forecast-arn` (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the forecast to query.

`--start-date` (string)

The start date for the forecast. Specify the date using this format: yyyy-MM-dd’T’HH:mm:ss (ISO 8601 format). For example, 2015-01-01T08:00:00.

`--end-date` (string)

The end date for the forecast. Specify the date using this format: yyyy-MM-dd’T’HH:mm:ss (ISO 8601 format). For example, 2015-01-01T20:00:00.

`--filters` (map)

The filtering criteria to apply when retrieving the forecast. For example, to get the forecast for `client_21` in the electricity usage dataset, specify the following:

`{"item_id" : "client_21"}`

To get the full forecast, use the [CreateForecastExportJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/forecast/latest/dg/API_CreateForecastExportJob.html) operation.

key -> (string)

value -> (string)

Shorthand Syntax:

```
KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{"string": "string"
  ...}
```

`--next-token` (string)

If the result of the previous request was truncated, the response includes a `NextToken` . To retrieve the next set of results, use the token in the next request. Tokens expire after 24 hours.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

Forecast -> (structure)

The forecast.

Predictions -> (map)

The forecast.

The *string* of the string-to-array map is one of the following values:

- p10
- p50
- p90

The default setting is `["0.1", "0.5", "0.9"]` . Use the optional `ForecastTypes` parameter of the [CreateForecast](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/forecast/latest/dg/API_CreateForecast.html) operation to change the values. The values will vary depending on how this is set, with a minimum of `1` and a maximum of `5.`

key -> (string)

value -> (list)

(structure)

The forecast value for a specific date. Part of the  Forecast object.

Timestamp -> (string)

The timestamp of the specific forecast.

Value -> (double)

The forecast value.