# create-event-subscription¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/dms/create-event-subscription.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/dms/create-event-subscription.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [dms](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/dms/index.html#cli-aws-dms) ]

# create-event-subscription

## Description

Creates an DMS event notification subscription.

You can specify the type of source (`SourceType` ) you want to be notified of, provide a list of DMS source IDs (`SourceIds` ) that triggers the events, and provide a list of event categories (`EventCategories` ) for events you want to be notified of. If you specify both the `SourceType` and `SourceIds` , such as `SourceType = replication-instance` and `SourceIdentifier = my-replinstance` , you will be notified of all the replication instance events for the specified source. If you specify a `SourceType` but don’t specify a `SourceIdentifier` , you receive notice of the events for that source type for all your DMS sources. If you don’t specify either `SourceType` nor `SourceIdentifier` , you will be notified of events generated from all DMS sources belonging to your customer account.

For more information about DMS events, see [Working with Events and Notifications](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Events.html) in the *Database Migration Service User Guide.*

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/dms-2016-01-01/CreateEventSubscription)

## Synopsis

```
create-event-subscription
--subscription-name <value>
--sns-topic-arn <value>
[--source-type <value>]
[--event-categories <value>]
[--source-ids <value>]
[--enabled | --no-enabled]
[--tags <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--subscription-name` (string)

The name of the DMS event notification subscription. This name must be less than 255 characters.

`--sns-topic-arn` (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic created for event notification. The ARN is created by Amazon SNS when you create a topic and subscribe to it.

`--source-type` (string)

The type of DMS resource that generates the events. For example, if you want to be notified of events generated by a replication instance, you set this parameter to `replication-instance` . If this value isn’t specified, all events are returned.

Valid values: `replication-instance` | `replication-task`

`--event-categories` (list)

A list of event categories for a source type that you want to subscribe to. For more information, see [Working with Events and Notifications](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Events.html) in the *Database Migration Service User Guide.*

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--source-ids` (list)

A list of identifiers for which DMS provides notification events.

If you don’t specify a value, notifications are provided for all sources.

If you specify multiple values, they must be of the same type. For example, if you specify a database instance ID, then all of the other values must be database instance IDs.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--enabled` | `--no-enabled` (boolean)

A Boolean value; set to `true` to activate the subscription, or set to `false` to create the subscription but not activate it.

`--tags` (list)

One or more tags to be assigned to the event subscription.

(structure)

A user-defined key-value pair that describes metadata added to an DMS resource and that is used by operations such as the following:

- `AddTagsToResource`
- `ListTagsForResource`
- `RemoveTagsFromResource`

Key -> (string)

A key is the required name of the tag. The string value can be 1-128 Unicode characters in length and can’t be prefixed with “aws:” or “dms:”. The string can only contain only the set of Unicode letters, digits, white-space, ‘_’, ‘.’, ‘/’, ‘=’, ‘+’, ‘-’ (Java regular expressions: “^([\p{L}\p{Z}\p{N}_.:/=+\-]*)$”).

Value -> (string)

A value is the optional value of the tag. The string value can be 1-256 Unicode characters in length and can’t be prefixed with “aws:” or “dms:”. The string can only contain only the set of Unicode letters, digits, white-space, ‘_’, ‘.’, ‘/’, ‘=’, ‘+’, ‘-’ (Java regular expressions: “^([\p{L}\p{Z}\p{N}_.:/=+\-]*)$”).

ResourceArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) string that uniquely identifies the resource for which the tag is created.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Key=string,Value=string,ResourceArn=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "Key": "string",
    "Value": "string",
    "ResourceArn": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To list event subscriptions**

The following `create-event-subscription` example creates an event subscription to an Amazon SNS topic (my-sns-topic).

```
aws dms create-event-subscription \
    --subscription-name my-dms-events \
    --sns-topic-arn arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:my-sns-topic
```

Output:

```
{
    "EventSubscription": {
        "CustomerAwsId": "123456789012",
        "CustSubscriptionId": "my-dms-events",
        "SnsTopicArn": "arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:my-sns-topic",
        "Status": "creating",
        "SubscriptionCreationTime": "2020-05-21 21:58:38.598",
        "Enabled": true
    }
}
```

For more information, see [Working with Events and Notifications](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Events.html) in the *AWS Database Migration Service User Guide*.

## Output

EventSubscription -> (structure)

The event subscription that was created.

CustomerAwsId -> (string)

The Amazon Web Services customer account associated with the DMS event notification subscription.

CustSubscriptionId -> (string)

The DMS event notification subscription Id.

SnsTopicArn -> (string)

The topic ARN of the DMS event notification subscription.

Status -> (string)

The status of the DMS event notification subscription.

Constraints:

Can be one of the following: creating | modifying | deleting | active | no-permission | topic-not-exist

The status “no-permission” indicates that DMS no longer has permission to post to the SNS topic. The status “topic-not-exist” indicates that the topic was deleted after the subscription was created.

SubscriptionCreationTime -> (string)

The time the DMS event notification subscription was created.

SourceType -> (string)

The type of DMS resource that generates events.

Valid values: replication-instance | replication-server | security-group | replication-task

SourceIdsList -> (list)

A list of source Ids for the event subscription.

(string)

EventCategoriesList -> (list)

A lists of event categories.

(string)

Enabled -> (boolean)

Boolean value that indicates if the event subscription is enabled.