# associate-source-graphql-api¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/appsync/associate-source-graphql-api.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/appsync/associate-source-graphql-api.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [appsync](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/appsync/index.html#cli-aws-appsync) ]

# associate-source-graphql-api

## Description

Creates an association between a Merged API and source API using the Merged API’s identifier.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/appsync-2017-07-25/AssociateSourceGraphqlApi)

## Synopsis

```
associate-source-graphql-api
--merged-api-identifier <value>
--source-api-identifier <value>
[--description <value>]
[--source-api-association-config <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--merged-api-identifier` (string)

The identifier of the AppSync Merged API. This is generated by the AppSync service. In most cases, Merged APIs (especially in your account) only require the API ID value or ARN of the merged API. However, Merged APIs in other accounts (cross-account use cases) strictly require the full resource ARN of the merged API.

`--source-api-identifier` (string)

The identifier of the AppSync Source API. This is generated by the AppSync service. In most cases, source APIs (especially in your account) only require the API ID value or ARN of the source API. However, source APIs from other accounts (cross-account use cases) strictly require the full resource ARN of the source API.

`--description` (string)

The description field.

`--source-api-association-config` (structure)

The `SourceApiAssociationConfig` object data.

mergeType -> (string)

The property that indicates which merging option is enabled in the source API association.

Valid merge types are `MANUAL_MERGE` (default) and `AUTO_MERGE` . Manual merges are the default behavior and require the user to trigger any changes from the source APIs to the merged API manually. Auto merges subscribe the merged API to the changes performed on the source APIs so that any change in the source APIs are also made to the merged API. Auto merges use `MergedApiExecutionRoleArn` to perform merge operations.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
mergeType=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "mergeType": "MANUAL_MERGE"|"AUTO_MERGE"
}
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

sourceApiAssociation -> (structure)

The `SourceApiAssociation` object data.

associationId -> (string)

The ID generated by the AppSync service for the source API association.

associationArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the source API association.

sourceApiId -> (string)

The ID of the AppSync source API.

sourceApiArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppSync source API.

mergedApiArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppSync Merged API.

mergedApiId -> (string)

The ID of the AppSync Merged API.

description -> (string)

The description field.

sourceApiAssociationConfig -> (structure)

The `SourceApiAssociationConfig` object data.

mergeType -> (string)

The property that indicates which merging option is enabled in the source API association.

Valid merge types are `MANUAL_MERGE` (default) and `AUTO_MERGE` . Manual merges are the default behavior and require the user to trigger any changes from the source APIs to the merged API manually. Auto merges subscribe the merged API to the changes performed on the source APIs so that any change in the source APIs are also made to the merged API. Auto merges use `MergedApiExecutionRoleArn` to perform merge operations.

sourceApiAssociationStatus -> (string)

The state of the source API association.

sourceApiAssociationStatusDetail -> (string)

The detailed message related to the current state of the source API association.

lastSuccessfulMergeDate -> (timestamp)

The datetime value of the last successful merge of the source API association. The result will be in UTC format and your local time zone.