# create-ml-endpoint¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/neptunedata/create-ml-endpoint.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/neptunedata/create-ml-endpoint.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [neptunedata](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/neptunedata/index.html#cli-aws-neptunedata) ]

# create-ml-endpoint

## Description

Creates a new Neptune ML inference endpoint that lets you query one specific model that the model-training process constructed. See [Managing inference endpoints using the endpoints command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/machine-learning-api-endpoints.html) .

When invoking this operation in a Neptune cluster that has IAM authentication enabled, the IAM user or role making the request must have a policy attached that allows the [neptune-db:CreateMLEndpoint](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/iam-dp-actions.html#createmlendpoint) IAM action in that cluster.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/neptunedata-2023-08-01/CreateMLEndpoint)

## Synopsis

```
create-ml-endpoint
[--id <value>]
[--ml-model-training-job-id <value>]
[--ml-model-transform-job-id <value>]
[--update | --no-update]
[--neptune-iam-role-arn <value>]
[--model-name <value>]
[--instance-type <value>]
[--instance-count <value>]
[--volume-encryption-kms-key <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--id` (string)

A unique identifier for the new inference endpoint. The default is an autogenerated timestamped name.

`--ml-model-training-job-id` (string)

The job Id of the completed model-training job that has created the model that the inference endpoint will point to. You must supply either the `mlModelTrainingJobId` or the `mlModelTransformJobId` .

`--ml-model-transform-job-id` (string)

The job Id of the completed model-transform job. You must supply either the `mlModelTrainingJobId` or the `mlModelTransformJobId` .

`--update` | `--no-update` (boolean)

If set to `true` , `update` indicates that this is an update request. The default is `false` . You must supply either the `mlModelTrainingJobId` or the `mlModelTransformJobId` .

`--neptune-iam-role-arn` (string)

The ARN of an IAM role providing Neptune access to SageMaker and Amazon S3 resources. This must be listed in your DB cluster parameter group or an error will be thrown.

`--model-name` (string)

Model type for training. By default the Neptune ML model is automatically based on the `modelType` used in data processing, but you can specify a different model type here. The default is `rgcn` for heterogeneous graphs and `kge` for knowledge graphs. The only valid value for heterogeneous graphs is `rgcn` . Valid values for knowledge graphs are: `kge` , `transe` , `distmult` , and `rotate` .

`--instance-type` (string)

The type of Neptune ML instance to use for online servicing. The default is `ml.m5.xlarge` . Choosing the ML instance for an inference endpoint depends on the task type, the graph size, and your budget.

`--instance-count` (integer)

The minimum number of Amazon EC2 instances to deploy to an endpoint for prediction. The default is 1

`--volume-encryption-kms-key` (string)

The Amazon Key Management Service (Amazon KMS) key that SageMaker uses to encrypt data on the storage volume attached to the ML compute instances that run the training job. The default is None.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

id -> (string)

The unique ID of the new inference endpoint.

arn -> (string)

The ARN for the new inference endpoint.

creationTimeInMillis -> (long)

The endpoint creation time, in milliseconds.