# start-ml-data-processing-job¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/neptunedata/start-ml-data-processing-job.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/neptunedata/start-ml-data-processing-job.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [neptunedata](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/neptunedata/index.html#cli-aws-neptunedata) ]

# start-ml-data-processing-job

## Description

Creates a new Neptune ML data processing job for processing the graph data exported from Neptune for training. See The ``dataprocessing` command <[https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/machine-learning-api-dataprocessing.html](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/machine-learning-api-dataprocessing.html)>`__ .

When invoking this operation in a Neptune cluster that has IAM authentication enabled, the IAM user or role making the request must have a policy attached that allows the [neptune-db:StartMLModelDataProcessingJob](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/iam-dp-actions.html#startmlmodeldataprocessingjob) IAM action in that cluster.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/neptunedata-2023-08-01/StartMLDataProcessingJob)

## Synopsis

```
start-ml-data-processing-job
[--id <value>]
[--previous-data-processing-job-id <value>]
--input-data-s3-location <value>
--processed-data-s3-location <value>
[--sagemaker-iam-role-arn <value>]
[--neptune-iam-role-arn <value>]
[--processing-instance-type <value>]
[--processing-instance-volume-size-in-gb <value>]
[--processing-time-out-in-seconds <value>]
[--model-type <value>]
[--config-file-name <value>]
[--subnets <value>]
[--security-group-ids <value>]
[--volume-encryption-kms-key <value>]
[--s3-output-encryption-kms-key <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--id` (string)

A unique identifier for the new job. The default is an autogenerated UUID.

`--previous-data-processing-job-id` (string)

The job ID of a completed data processing job run on an earlier version of the data.

`--input-data-s3-location` (string)

The URI of the Amazon S3 location where you want SageMaker to download the data needed to run the data processing job.

`--processed-data-s3-location` (string)

The URI of the Amazon S3 location where you want SageMaker to save the results of a data processing job.

`--sagemaker-iam-role-arn` (string)

The ARN of an IAM role for SageMaker execution. This must be listed in your DB cluster parameter group or an error will occur.

`--neptune-iam-role-arn` (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that SageMaker can assume to perform tasks on your behalf. This must be listed in your DB cluster parameter group or an error will occur.

`--processing-instance-type` (string)

The type of ML instance used during data processing. Its memory should be large enough to hold the processed dataset. The default is the smallest ml.r5 type whose memory is ten times larger than the size of the exported graph data on disk.

`--processing-instance-volume-size-in-gb` (integer)

The disk volume size of the processing instance. Both input data and processed data are stored on disk, so the volume size must be large enough to hold both data sets. The default is 0. If not specified or 0, Neptune ML chooses the volume size automatically based on the data size.

`--processing-time-out-in-seconds` (integer)

Timeout in seconds for the data processing job. The default is 86,400 (1 day).

`--model-type` (string)

One of the two model types that Neptune ML currently supports: heterogeneous graph models (`heterogeneous` ), and knowledge graph (`kge` ). The default is none. If not specified, Neptune ML chooses the model type automatically based on the data.

`--config-file-name` (string)

A data specification file that describes how to load the exported graph data for training. The file is automatically generated by the Neptune export toolkit. The default is `training-data-configuration.json` .

`--subnets` (list)

The IDs of the subnets in the Neptune VPC. The default is None.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--security-group-ids` (list)

The VPC security group IDs. The default is None.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--volume-encryption-kms-key` (string)

The Amazon Key Management Service (Amazon KMS) key that SageMaker uses to encrypt data on the storage volume attached to the ML compute instances that run the training job. The default is None.

`--s3-output-encryption-kms-key` (string)

The Amazon Key Management Service (Amazon KMS) key that SageMaker uses to encrypt the output of the processing job. The default is none.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

id -> (string)

The unique ID of the new data processing job.

arn -> (string)

The ARN of the data processing job.

creationTimeInMillis -> (long)

The time it took to create the new processing job, in milliseconds.