# delete-stack¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/cloudformation/delete-stack.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/cloudformation/delete-stack.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [cloudformation](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/cloudformation/index.html#cli-aws-cloudformation) ]

# delete-stack

## Description

Deletes a specified stack. Once the call completes successfully, stack deletion starts. Deleted stacks don’t show up in the  DescribeStacks operation if the deletion has been completed successfully.

For more information about deleting a stack, see [Delete a stack from the CloudFormation console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/cfn-console-delete-stack.html) in the *CloudFormation User Guide* .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/cloudformation-2010-05-15/DeleteStack)

## Synopsis

```
delete-stack
--stack-name <value>
[--retain-resources <value>]
[--role-arn <value>]
[--client-request-token <value>]
[--deletion-mode <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--stack-name` (string)

The name or the unique stack ID that’s associated with the stack.

`--retain-resources` (list)

For stacks in the `DELETE_FAILED` state, a list of resource logical IDs that are associated with the resources you want to retain. During deletion, CloudFormation deletes the stack but doesn’t delete the retained resources.

Retaining resources is useful when you can’t delete a resource, such as a non-empty S3 bucket, but you want to delete the stack.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--role-arn` (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that CloudFormation assumes to delete the stack. CloudFormation uses the role’s credentials to make calls on your behalf.

If you don’t specify a value, CloudFormation uses the role that was previously associated with the stack. If no role is available, CloudFormation uses a temporary session that’s generated from your user credentials.

`--client-request-token` (string)

A unique identifier for this `DeleteStack` request. Specify this token if you plan to retry requests so that CloudFormation knows that you’re not attempting to delete a stack with the same name. You might retry `DeleteStack` requests to ensure that CloudFormation successfully received them.

All events initiated by a given stack operation are assigned the same client request token, which you can use to track operations. For example, if you execute a `CreateStack` operation with the token `token1` , then all the `StackEvents` generated by that operation will have `ClientRequestToken` set as `token1` .

In the console, stack operations display the client request token on the Events tab. Stack operations that are initiated from the console use the token format *Console-StackOperation-ID* , which helps you easily identify the stack operation . For example, if you create a stack using the console, each stack event would be assigned the same token in the following format: `Console-CreateStack-7f59c3cf-00d2-40c7-b2ff-e75db0987002` .

`--deletion-mode` (string)

Specifies the deletion mode for the stack. Possible values are:

- `STANDARD` - Use the standard behavior. Specifying this value is the same as not specifying this parameter.
- `FORCE_DELETE_STACK` - Delete the stack if it’s stuck in a `DELETE_FAILED` state due to resource deletion failure.

Possible values:

- `STANDARD`
- `FORCE_DELETE_STACK`

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To delete a stack**

The following `delete-stack` example deletes the specified stack.

```
aws cloudformation delete-stack \
    --stack-name my-stack
```

This command produces no output.

## Output

None