# create-event-subscription¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/redshift/create-event-subscription.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/redshift/create-event-subscription.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [redshift](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/redshift/index.html#cli-aws-redshift) ]

# create-event-subscription

## Description

Creates an Amazon Redshift event notification subscription. This action requires an ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of an Amazon SNS topic created by either the Amazon Redshift console, the Amazon SNS console, or the Amazon SNS API. To obtain an ARN with Amazon SNS, you must create a topic in Amazon SNS and subscribe to the topic. The ARN is displayed in the SNS console.

You can specify the source type, and lists of Amazon Redshift source IDs, event categories, and event severities. Notifications will be sent for all events you want that match those criteria. For example, you can specify source type = cluster, source ID = my-cluster-1 and mycluster2, event categories = Availability, Backup, and severity = ERROR. The subscription will only send notifications for those ERROR events in the Availability and Backup categories for the specified clusters.

If you specify both the source type and source IDs, such as source type = cluster and source identifier = my-cluster-1, notifications will be sent for all the cluster events for my-cluster-1. If you specify a source type but do not specify a source identifier, you will receive notice of the events for the objects of that type in your Amazon Web Services account. If you do not specify either the SourceType nor the SourceIdentifier, you will be notified of events generated from all Amazon Redshift sources belonging to your Amazon Web Services account. You must specify a source type if you specify a source ID.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/redshift-2012-12-01/CreateEventSubscription)

## Synopsis

```
create-event-subscription
--subscription-name <value>
--sns-topic-arn <value>
[--source-type <value>]
[--source-ids <value>]
[--event-categories <value>]
[--severity <value>]
[--enabled | --no-enabled]
[--tags <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--subscription-name` (string)

The name of the event subscription to be created.

Constraints:

- Cannot be null, empty, or blank.
- Must contain from 1 to 255 alphanumeric characters or hyphens.
- First character must be a letter.
- Cannot end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.

`--sns-topic-arn` (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic used to transmit the event notifications. The ARN is created by Amazon SNS when you create a topic and subscribe to it.

`--source-type` (string)

The type of source that will be generating the events. For example, if you want to be notified of events generated by a cluster, you would set this parameter to cluster. If this value is not specified, events are returned for all Amazon Redshift objects in your Amazon Web Services account. You must specify a source type in order to specify source IDs.

Valid values: cluster, cluster-parameter-group, cluster-security-group, cluster-snapshot, and scheduled-action.

`--source-ids` (list)

A list of one or more identifiers of Amazon Redshift source objects. All of the objects must be of the same type as was specified in the source type parameter. The event subscription will return only events generated by the specified objects. If not specified, then events are returned for all objects within the source type specified.

Example: my-cluster-1, my-cluster-2

Example: my-snapshot-20131010

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--event-categories` (list)

Specifies the Amazon Redshift event categories to be published by the event notification subscription.

Values: configuration, management, monitoring, security, pending

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--severity` (string)

Specifies the Amazon Redshift event severity to be published by the event notification subscription.

Values: ERROR, INFO

`--enabled` | `--no-enabled` (boolean)

A boolean value; set to `true` to activate the subscription, and set to `false` to create the subscription but not activate it.

`--tags` (list)

A list of tag instances.

(structure)

A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

Key -> (string)

The key, or name, for the resource tag.

Value -> (string)

The value for the resource tag.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Key=string,Value=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "Key": "string",
    "Value": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To create a notification subscription for an event**

The following `create-event-subscription` example creates an event notification subscription.

```
aws redshift create-event-subscription \
    --subscription-name mysubscription \
    --sns-topic-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MySNStopic \
    --source-type cluster \
    --source-ids mycluster
```

Output:

```
{
        "EventSubscription": {
        "CustomerAwsId": "123456789012",
        "CustSubscriptionId": "mysubscription",
        "SnsTopicArn": "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MySNStopic",
        "Status": "active",
        "SubscriptionCreationTime": "2019-12-09T20:05:19.365Z",
        "SourceType": "cluster",
        "SourceIdsList": [
            "mycluster"
        ],
        "EventCategoriesList": [],
        "Severity": "INFO",
        "Enabled": true,
        "Tags": []
    }
}
```

For more information, see [Subscribing to Amazon Redshift Event Notifications](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/working-with-event-notifications.html) in the *Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide*.

## Output

EventSubscription -> (structure)

Describes event subscriptions.

CustomerAwsId -> (string)

The Amazon Web Services account associated with the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.

CustSubscriptionId -> (string)

The name of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.

SnsTopicArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic used by the event notification subscription.

Status -> (string)

The status of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.

Constraints:

- Can be one of the following: active | no-permission | topic-not-exist
- The status “no-permission” indicates that Amazon Redshift no longer has permission to post to the Amazon SNS topic. The status “topic-not-exist” indicates that the topic was deleted after the subscription was created.

SubscriptionCreationTime -> (timestamp)

The date and time the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription was created.

SourceType -> (string)

The source type of the events returned by the Amazon Redshift event notification, such as cluster, cluster-snapshot, cluster-parameter-group, cluster-security-group, or scheduled-action.

SourceIdsList -> (list)

A list of the sources that publish events to the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.

(string)

EventCategoriesList -> (list)

The list of Amazon Redshift event categories specified in the event notification subscription.

Values: Configuration, Management, Monitoring, Security, Pending

(string)

Severity -> (string)

The event severity specified in the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.

Values: ERROR, INFO

Enabled -> (boolean)

A boolean value indicating whether the subscription is enabled; `true` indicates that the subscription is enabled.

Tags -> (list)

The list of tags for the event subscription.

(structure)

A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

Key -> (string)

The key, or name, for the resource tag.

Value -> (string)

The value for the resource tag.