# list-opportunities¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/partnercentral-selling/list-opportunities.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/partnercentral-selling/list-opportunities.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [partnercentral-selling](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/partnercentral-selling/index.html#cli-aws-partnercentral-selling) ]

# list-opportunities

## Description

This request accepts a list of filters that retrieve opportunity subsets as well as sort options. This feature is available to partners from [Partner Central](https://partnercentral.awspartner.com/) using the `ListOpportunities` API action.

To synchronize your system with Amazon Web Services, only list the opportunities that were newly created or updated. We recommend you rely on events emitted by the service into your Amazon Web Services account’s Amazon EventBridge default event bus, you can also use the `ListOpportunities` action.

We recommend the following approach:

- Find the latest `LastModifiedDate` that you stored, and only use the values that came from Amazon Web Services. Don’t use values generated by your system.
- When you send a `ListOpportunities` request, submit the date in ISO 8601 format in the `AfterLastModifiedDate` filter.
- Amazon Web Services only returns opportunities created or updated on or after that date and time. Use `NextToken` to iterate over all pages.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/partnercentral-selling-2022-07-26/ListOpportunities)

`list-opportunities` is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagination by providing the `--no-paginate` argument.
When using `--output text` and the `--query` argument on a paginated response, the `--query` argument must extract data from the results of the following query expressions: `OpportunitySummaries`

## Synopsis

```
list-opportunities
--catalog <value>
[--customer-company-name <value>]
[--identifier <value>]
[--last-modified-date <value>]
[--life-cycle-review-status <value>]
[--life-cycle-stage <value>]
[--sort <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--starting-token <value>]
[--page-size <value>]
[--max-items <value>]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--catalog` (string)

Specifies the catalog associated with the request. This field takes a string value from a predefined list: `AWS` or `Sandbox` . The catalog determines which environment the opportunities are listed in. Use `AWS` for listing real opportunities in the Amazon Web Services catalog, and `Sandbox` for testing in secure, isolated environments.

`--customer-company-name` (list)

Filters the opportunities based on the customer’s company name. This allows partners to search for opportunities associated with a specific customer by matching the provided company name string.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--identifier` (list)

Filters the opportunities based on the opportunity identifier. This allows partners to retrieve specific opportunities by providing their unique identifiers, ensuring precise results.

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...
```

`--last-modified-date` (structure)

Filters the opportunities based on their last modified date. This filter helps retrieve opportunities that were updated after the specified date, allowing partners to track recent changes or updates.

AfterLastModifiedDate -> (timestamp)

Specifies the date after which the opportunities were modified. Use this filter to retrieve only those opportunities that were modified after a given timestamp.

BeforeLastModifiedDate -> (timestamp)

Specifies the date before which the opportunities were modified. Use this filter to retrieve only those opportunities that were modified before a given timestamp.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
AfterLastModifiedDate=timestamp,BeforeLastModifiedDate=timestamp
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "AfterLastModifiedDate": timestamp,
  "BeforeLastModifiedDate": timestamp
}
```

`--life-cycle-review-status` (list)

Filters the opportunities based on their current lifecycle approval status. Use this filter to retrieve opportunities with statuses such as `Pending Submission` , `In Review` , `Action Required` , or `Approved` .

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...

Where valid values are:
  Pending Submission
  Submitted
  In review
  Approved
  Rejected
  Action Required
```

`--life-cycle-stage` (list)

Filters the opportunities based on their lifecycle stage. This filter allows partners to retrieve opportunities at various stages in the sales cycle, such as `Qualified` , `Technical Validation` , `Business Validation` , or `Closed Won` .

(string)

Syntax:

```
"string" "string" ...

Where valid values are:
  Prospect
  Qualified
  Technical Validation
  Business Validation
  Committed
  Launched
  Closed Lost
```

`--sort` (structure)

An object that specifies how the response is sorted. The default `Sort.SortBy` value is `LastModifiedDate` .

SortBy -> (string)

Field name to sort by.

SortOrder -> (string)

Sort order.

Default: `Descending`

Shorthand Syntax:

```
SortBy=string,SortOrder=string
```

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "SortBy": "LastModifiedDate"|"Identifier"|"CustomerCompanyName",
  "SortOrder": "ASCENDING"|"DESCENDING"
}
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--starting-token` (string)

A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the `NextToken` from a previously truncated response.

For usage examples, see [Pagination](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/pagination.html) in the *AWS Command Line Interface User Guide* .

`--page-size` (integer)

The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not affect the number of items returned in the command’s output. Setting a smaller page size results in more calls to the AWS service, retrieving fewer items in each call. This can help prevent the AWS service calls from timing out.

For usage examples, see [Pagination](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/pagination.html) in the *AWS Command Line Interface User Guide* .

`--max-items` (integer)

The total number of items to return in the command’s output. If the total number of items available is more than the value specified, a `NextToken` is provided in the command’s output. To resume pagination, provide the `NextToken` value in the `starting-token` argument of a subsequent command. **Do not** use the `NextToken` response element directly outside of the AWS CLI.

For usage examples, see [Pagination](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/pagination.html) in the *AWS Command Line Interface User Guide* .

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

NextToken -> (string)

A pagination token used to retrieve the next set of results in subsequent calls. This token is included in the response only if there are additional result pages available.

OpportunitySummaries -> (list)

An array that contains minimal details for opportunities that match the request criteria. This summary view provides a quick overview of relevant opportunities.

(structure)

An object that contains an `Opportunity` ‘s subset of fields.

Arn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the opportunity. This globally unique identifier can be used for IAM policies and cross-service references.

Catalog -> (string)

Specifies the catalog associated with the opportunity, either `AWS` or `Sandbox` . This indicates the environment in which the opportunity is managed.

CreatedDate -> (timestamp)

`DateTime` when the `Opportunity` was last created.

Customer -> (structure)

An object that contains the `Opportunity` ‘s customer details.

Account -> (structure)

An object that contains a customer’s account details.

Address -> (structure)

Specifies the end `Customer` ‘s address details associated with the `Opportunity` .

City -> (string)

Specifies the end `Customer` ‘s city associated with the `Opportunity` .

CountryCode -> (string)

Specifies the end `Customer` ‘s country associated with the `Opportunity` .

PostalCode -> (string)

Specifies the end `Customer` ‘s postal code associated with the `Opportunity` .

StateOrRegion -> (string)

Specifies the end `Customer` ‘s state or region associated with the `Opportunity` .

Valid values: `Alabama | Alaska | American Samoa | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | Dist. of Columbia | Federated States of Micronesia | Florida | Georgia | Guam | Hawaii | Idaho | Illinois | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana | Maine | Marshall Islands | Maryland | Massachusetts | Michigan | Minnesota | Mississippi | Missouri | Montana | Nebraska | Nevada | New Hampshire | New Jersey | New Mexico | New York | North Carolina | North Dakota | Northern Mariana Islands | Ohio | Oklahoma | Oregon | Palau | Pennsylvania | Puerto Rico | Rhode Island | South Carolina | South Dakota | Tennessee | Texas | Utah | Vermont | Virginia | Virgin Islands | Washington | West Virginia | Wisconsin | Wyoming | APO/AE | AFO/FPO | FPO, AP`

CompanyName -> (string)

Specifies the end `Customer` ‘s company name associated with the `Opportunity` .

Industry -> (string)

Specifies which industry the end `Customer` belongs to associated with the `Opportunity` . It refers to the category or sector that the customer’s business operates in.

To submit a value outside the picklist, use `Other` .

Conditionally mandatory if `Other` is selected for Industry Vertical in LOVs.

OtherIndustry -> (string)

Specifies the end `Customer` ‘s industry associated with the `Opportunity` , when the selected value in the `Industry` field is `Other` . This field is relevant when the customer’s industry doesn’t fall under the predefined picklist values and requires a custom description.

WebsiteUrl -> (string)

Specifies the end customer’s company website URL associated with the `Opportunity` . This value is crucial to map the customer within the Amazon Web Services CRM system.

Id -> (string)

Read-only, system-generated `Opportunity` unique identifier.

LastModifiedDate -> (timestamp)

`DateTime` when the `Opportunity` was last modified.

LifeCycle -> (structure)

An object that contains the `Opportunity` ‘s lifecycle details.

ClosedLostReason -> (string)

Specifies the reason code when an opportunity is marked as *Closed Lost* . When you select an appropriate reason code, you communicate the context for closing the `Opportunity` , and aid in accurate reports and analysis of opportunity outcomes.

NextSteps -> (string)

Specifies the upcoming actions or tasks for the `Opportunity` . This field is utilized to communicate to Amazon Web Services the next actions required for the `Opportunity` .

ReviewComments -> (string)

Indicates why an opportunity was sent back for further details. Partners must take corrective action based on the `ReviewComments` .

ReviewStatus -> (string)

Indicates the review status of a partner referred opportunity. This field is read-only and only applicable for partner referrals. Valid values:

- Pending Submission: Not submitted for validation (editable).
- Submitted: Submitted for validation and not yet Amazon Web Services reviewed (read-only).
- In Review: Undergoing Amazon Web Services validation (read-only).
- Action Required: Address any issues Amazon Web Services highlights. Use the `UpdateOpportunity` API action to update the opportunity, and ensure you make all required changes. Only these fields are editable when the `Lifecycle.ReviewStatus` is `Action Required` :
- Customer.Account.Address.City
- Customer.Account.Address.CountryCode
- Customer.Account.Address.PostalCode
- Customer.Account.Address.StateOrRegion
- Customer.Account.Address.StreetAddress
- Customer.Account.WebsiteUrl
- LifeCycle.TargetCloseDate
- Project.ExpectedCustomerSpend.Amount
- Project.ExpectedCustomerSpend.CurrencyCode
- Project.CustomerBusinessProblem
- PartnerOpportunityIdentifier

After updates, the opportunity re-enters the validation phase. This process repeats until all issues are resolved, and the opportunity’s `Lifecycle.ReviewStatus` is set to `Approved` or `Rejected` .

- Approved: Validated and converted into the Amazon Web Services seller’s pipeline (editable).
- Rejected: Disqualified (read-only).

ReviewStatusReason -> (string)

Indicates the reason a specific decision was taken during the opportunity review process. This field combines the reasons for both disqualified and action required statuses, and provides clarity for why an opportunity was disqualified or required further action.

Stage -> (string)

Specifies the current stage of the `Opportunity` ‘s lifecycle as it maps to Amazon Web Services stages from the current stage in the partner CRM. This field provides a translated value of the stage, and offers insight into the `Opportunity` ‘s progression in the sales cycle, according to Amazon Web Services definitions.

### Note

A lead and a prospect must be further matured to a `Qualified` opportunity before submission. Opportunities that were closed/lost before submission aren’t suitable for submission.

The descriptions of each sales stage are:

- Prospect: Amazon Web Services identifies the opportunity. It can be active (Comes directly from the end customer through a lead) or latent (Your account team believes it exists based on research, account plans, sales plays).
- Qualified: Your account team engaged with the customer to discuss viability and understand requirements. The customer agreed that the opportunity is real, of interest, and may solve business/technical needs.
- Technical Validation: All parties understand the implementation plan.
- Business Validation: Pricing was proposed, and all parties agree to the steps to close.
- Committed: The customer signed the contract, but Amazon Web Services hasn’t started billing.
- Launched: The workload is complete, and Amazon Web Services has started billing.
- Closed Lost: The opportunity is lost, and there are no steps to move forward.

TargetCloseDate -> (string)

Specifies the date when Amazon Web Services expects to start significant billing, when the project finishes, and when it moves into production. This field informs the Amazon Web Services seller about when the opportunity launches and starts to incur Amazon Web Services usage.

Ensure the `Target Close Date` isn’t in the past.

OpportunityType -> (string)

Specifies opportunity type as a renewal, new, or expansion.

Opportunity types:

- New Opportunity: Represents a new business opportunity with a potential customer that’s not previously engaged with your solutions or services.
- Renewal Opportunity: Represents an opportunity to renew an existing contract or subscription with a current customer, ensuring continuity of service.
- Expansion Opportunity: Represents an opportunity to expand the scope of an existing contract or subscription, either by adding new services or increasing the volume of existing services for a current customer.

PartnerOpportunityIdentifier -> (string)

Specifies the `Opportunity` ‘s unique identifier in the partner’s CRM system. This value is essential to track and reconcile because it’s included in the outbound payload sent back to the partner. It allows partners to link an opportunity to their CRM.

Project -> (structure)

An object that contains the `Opportunity` ‘s project details summary.

DeliveryModels -> (list)

Specifies your solution or service’s deployment or consumption model in the `Opportunity` ‘s context. You can select multiple options.

Options’ descriptions from the `Delivery Model` field are:

- SaaS or PaaS: Your Amazon Web Services based solution deployed as SaaS or PaaS in your Amazon Web Services environment.
- BYOL or AMI: Your Amazon Web Services based solution deployed as BYOL or AMI in the end customer’s Amazon Web Services environment.
- Managed Services: The end customer’s Amazon Web Services business management (For example: Consulting, design, implementation, billing support, cost optimization, technical support).
- Professional Services: Offerings to help enterprise end customers achieve specific business outcomes for enterprise cloud adoption (For example: Advisory or transformation planning).
- Resell: Amazon Web Services accounts and billing management for your customers.
- Other: Delivery model not described above.

(string)

ExpectedCustomerSpend -> (list)

Provides a summary of the expected customer spend for the project, offering a high-level view of the potential financial impact.

(structure)

Provides an estimate of the revenue that the partner is expected to generate from the opportunity. This information helps partners assess the financial value of the project.

Amount -> (string)

Represents the estimated monthly revenue that the partner expects to earn from the opportunity. This helps in forecasting financial returns.

CurrencyCode -> (string)

Indicates the currency in which the revenue estimate is provided. This helps in understanding the financial impact across different markets.

EstimationUrl -> (string)

A URL providing additional information or context about the spend estimation.

Frequency -> (string)

Indicates how frequently the customer is expected to spend the projected amount. This can include values such as `Monthly` , `Quarterly` , or `Annually` . The default value is `Monthly` , representing recurring monthly spend.

TargetCompany -> (string)

Specifies the name of the partner company that is expected to generate revenue from the opportunity. This field helps track the partner’s involvement in the opportunity.