# start-deployment¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/amplify/start-deployment.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/amplify/start-deployment.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [amplify](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/amplify/index.html#cli-aws-amplify) ]

# start-deployment

## Description

Starts a deployment for a manually deployed app. Manually deployed apps are not connected to a Git repository.

The maximum duration between the `CreateDeployment` call and the `StartDeployment` call cannot exceed 8 hours. If the duration exceeds 8 hours, the `StartDeployment` call and the associated `Job` will fail.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/amplify-2017-07-25/StartDeployment)

## Synopsis

```
start-deployment
--app-id <value>
--branch-name <value>
[--job-id <value>]
[--source-url <value>]
[--source-url-type <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--app-id` (string)

The unique ID for an Amplify app.

`--branch-name` (string)

The name of the branch to use for the deployment job.

`--job-id` (string)

The job ID for this deployment that is generated by the `CreateDeployment` request.

`--source-url` (string)

The source URL for the deployment that is used when calling `StartDeployment` without `CreateDeployment` . The source URL can be either an HTTP GET URL that is publicly accessible and downloads a single .zip file, or an Amazon S3 bucket and prefix.

`--source-url-type` (string)

The type of source specified by the `sourceURL` . If the value is `ZIP` , the source is a .zip file. If the value is `BUCKET_PREFIX` , the source is an Amazon S3 bucket and prefix. If no value is specified, the default is `ZIP` .

Possible values:

- `ZIP`
- `BUCKET_PREFIX`

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

jobSummary -> (structure)

The summary for the job.

jobArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the job.

jobId -> (string)

The unique ID for the job.

commitId -> (string)

The commit ID from a third-party repository provider for the job.

commitMessage -> (string)

The commit message from a third-party repository provider for the job.

commitTime -> (timestamp)

The commit date and time for the job.

startTime -> (timestamp)

The start date and time for the job.

status -> (string)

The current status for the job.

endTime -> (timestamp)

The end date and time for the job.

jobType -> (string)

The type for the job. If the value is `RELEASE` , the job was manually released from its source by using the `StartJob` API. This value is available only for apps that are connected to a repository.

If the value is `RETRY` , the job was manually retried using the `StartJob` API. If the value is `WEB_HOOK` , the job was automatically triggered by webhooks. If the value is `MANUAL` , the job is for a manually deployed app. Manually deployed apps are not connected to a Git repository.

sourceUrl -> (string)

The source URL for the files to deploy. The source URL can be either an HTTP GET URL that is publicly accessible and downloads a single .zip file, or an Amazon S3 bucket and prefix.

sourceUrlType -> (string)

The type of source specified by the `sourceURL` . If the value is `ZIP` , the source is a .zip file. If the value is `BUCKET_PREFIX` , the source is an Amazon S3 bucket and prefix. If no value is specified, the default is `ZIP` .