# put-snapshot-block¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/ebs/put-snapshot-block.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/ebs/put-snapshot-block.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [ebs](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/ebs/index.html#cli-aws-ebs) ]

# put-snapshot-block

## Description

Writes a block of data to a snapshot. If the specified block contains data, the existing data is overwritten. The target snapshot must be in the `pending` state.

Data written to a snapshot must be aligned with 512-KiB sectors.

### Note

You should always retry requests that receive server (`5xx` ) error responses, and `ThrottlingException` and `RequestThrottledException` client error responses. For more information see [Error retries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/error-retries.html) in the *Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide* .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/ebs-2019-11-02/PutSnapshotBlock)

## Synopsis

```
put-snapshot-block
--snapshot-id <value>
--block-index <value>
--block-data <value>
--data-length <value>
[--progress <value>]
--checksum <value>
--checksum-algorithm <value>
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--snapshot-id` (string)

The ID of the snapshot.

### Warning

If the specified snapshot is encrypted, you must have permission to use the KMS key that was used to encrypt the snapshot. For more information, see [Using encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebsapis-using-encryption.html) in the *Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide* ..

`--block-index` (integer)

The block index of the block in which to write the data. A block index is a logical index in units of `512` KiB blocks. To identify the block index, divide the logical offset of the data in the logical volume by the block size (logical offset of data/`524288` ). The logical offset of the data must be `512` KiB aligned.

`--block-data` (streaming blob)

The data to write to the block.

The block data is not signed as part of the Signature Version 4 signing process. As a result, you must generate and provide a Base64-encoded SHA256 checksum for the block data using the **x-amz-Checksum** header. Also, you must specify the checksum algorithm using the **x-amz-Checksum-Algorithm** header. The checksum that you provide is part of the Signature Version 4 signing process. It is validated against a checksum generated by Amazon EBS to ensure the validity and authenticity of the data. If the checksums do not correspond, the request fails. For more information, see [Using checksums with the EBS direct APIs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-accessing-snapshot.html#ebsapis-using-checksums) in the *Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide* .

### Note

This argument is of type: streaming blob. Its value must be the path to a file (e.g. `path/to/file`) and must **not** be prefixed with `file://` or `fileb://`

`--data-length` (integer)

The size of the data to write to the block, in bytes. Currently, the only supported size is `524288` bytes.

Valid values: `524288`

`--progress` (integer)

The progress of the write process, as a percentage.

`--checksum` (string)

A Base64-encoded SHA256 checksum of the data. Only SHA256 checksums are supported.

`--checksum-algorithm` (string)

The algorithm used to generate the checksum. Currently, the only supported algorithm is `SHA256` .

Possible values:

- `SHA256`

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Output

Checksum -> (string)

The SHA256 checksum generated for the block data by Amazon EBS.

ChecksumAlgorithm -> (string)

The algorithm used by Amazon EBS to generate the checksum.