# put-config-rule¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/configservice/put-config-rule.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/configservice/put-config-rule.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [configservice](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/configservice/index.html#cli-aws-configservice) ]

# put-config-rule

## Description

Adds or updates an Config rule to evaluate if your Amazon Web Services resources comply with your desired configurations. For information on how many Config rules you can have per account, see ` **Service Limits** [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/configlimits](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/configlimits).html`__ in the *Config Developer Guide* .

There are two types of rules: *Config Managed Rules* and *Config Custom Rules* . You can use `PutConfigRule` to create both Config Managed Rules and Config Custom Rules.

Config Managed Rules are predefined, customizable rules created by Config. For a list of managed rules, see [List of Config Managed Rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/managed-rules-by-aws-config.html) . If you are adding an Config managed rule, you must specify the rule’s identifier for the `SourceIdentifier` key.

Config Custom Rules are rules that you create from scratch. There are two ways to create Config custom rules: with Lambda functions ([Lambda Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/gettingstarted-concepts.html#gettingstarted-concepts-function) ) and with Guard ([Guard GitHub Repository](https://github.com/aws-cloudformation/cloudformation-guard) ), a policy-as-code language. Config custom rules created with Lambda are called *Config Custom Lambda Rules* and Config custom rules created with Guard are called *Config Custom Policy Rules* .

If you are adding a new Config Custom Lambda rule, you first need to create an Lambda function that the rule invokes to evaluate your resources. When you use `PutConfigRule` to add a Custom Lambda rule to Config, you must specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that Lambda assigns to the function. You specify the ARN in the `SourceIdentifier` key. This key is part of the `Source` object, which is part of the `ConfigRule` object.

For any new Config rule that you add, specify the `ConfigRuleName` in the `ConfigRule` object. Do not specify the `ConfigRuleArn` or the `ConfigRuleId` . These values are generated by Config for new rules.

If you are updating a rule that you added previously, you can specify the rule by `ConfigRuleName` , `ConfigRuleId` , or `ConfigRuleArn` in the `ConfigRule` data type that you use in this request.

For more information about developing and using Config rules, see [Evaluating Resources with Config Rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config.html) in the *Config Developer Guide* .

### Note

**Tags are added at creation and cannot be updated with this operation**

`PutConfigRule` is an idempotent API. Subsequent requests won’t create a duplicate resource if one was already created. If a following request has different `tags` values, Config will ignore these differences and treat it as an idempotent request of the previous. In this case, `tags` will not be updated, even if they are different.

Use [TagResource](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/APIReference/API_TagResource.html) and [UntagResource](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/APIReference/API_UntagResource.html) to update tags after creation.

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/config-2014-11-12/PutConfigRule)

## Synopsis

```
put-config-rule
--config-rule <value>
[--tags <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--config-rule` (structure)

The rule that you want to add to your account.

ConfigRuleName -> (string)

The name that you assign to the Config rule. The name is required if you are adding a new rule.

ConfigRuleArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Config rule.

ConfigRuleId -> (string)

The ID of the Config rule.

Description -> (string)

The description that you provide for the Config rule.

Scope -> (structure)

Defines which resources can trigger an evaluation for the rule. The scope can include one or more resource types, a combination of one resource type and one resource ID, or a combination of a tag key and value. Specify a scope to constrain the resources that can trigger an evaluation for the rule. If you do not specify a scope, evaluations are triggered when any resource in the recording group changes.

### Note

The scope can be empty.

ComplianceResourceTypes -> (list)

The resource types of only those Amazon Web Services resources that you want to trigger an evaluation for the rule. You can only specify one type if you also specify a resource ID for `ComplianceResourceId` .

(string)

TagKey -> (string)

The tag key that is applied to only those Amazon Web Services resources that you want to trigger an evaluation for the rule.

TagValue -> (string)

The tag value applied to only those Amazon Web Services resources that you want to trigger an evaluation for the rule. If you specify a value for `TagValue` , you must also specify a value for `TagKey` .

ComplianceResourceId -> (string)

The ID of the only Amazon Web Services resource that you want to trigger an evaluation for the rule. If you specify a resource ID, you must specify one resource type for `ComplianceResourceTypes` .

Source -> (structure)

Provides the rule owner (`Amazon Web Services` for managed rules, `CUSTOM_POLICY` for Custom Policy rules, and `CUSTOM_LAMBDA` for Custom Lambda rules), the rule identifier, and the notifications that cause the function to evaluate your Amazon Web Services resources.

Owner -> (string)

Indicates whether Amazon Web Services or the customer owns and manages the Config rule.

Config Managed Rules are predefined rules owned by Amazon Web Services. For more information, see [Config Managed Rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config_use-managed-rules.html) in the *Config developer guide* .

Config Custom Rules are rules that you can develop either with Guard (`CUSTOM_POLICY` ) or Lambda (`CUSTOM_LAMBDA` ). For more information, see [Config Custom Rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config_develop-rules.html) in the *Config developer guide* .

SourceIdentifier -> (string)

For Config Managed rules, a predefined identifier from a list. For example, `IAM_PASSWORD_POLICY` is a managed rule. To reference a managed rule, see [List of Config Managed Rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/managed-rules-by-aws-config.html) .

For Config Custom Lambda rules, the identifier is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rule’s Lambda function, such as `arn:aws:lambda:us-east-2:123456789012:function:custom_rule_name` .

For Config Custom Policy rules, this field will be ignored.

SourceDetails -> (list)

Provides the source and the message types that cause Config to evaluate your Amazon Web Services resources against a rule. It also provides the frequency with which you want Config to run evaluations for the rule if the trigger type is periodic.

If the owner is set to `CUSTOM_POLICY` , the only acceptable values for the Config rule trigger message type are `ConfigurationItemChangeNotification` and `OversizedConfigurationItemChangeNotification` .

(structure)

Provides the source and the message types that trigger Config to evaluate your Amazon Web Services resources against a rule. It also provides the frequency with which you want Config to run evaluations for the rule if the trigger type is periodic. You can specify the parameter values for `SourceDetail` only for custom rules.

EventSource -> (string)

The source of the event, such as an Amazon Web Services service, that triggers Config to evaluate your Amazon Web Services resources.

MessageType -> (string)

The type of notification that triggers Config to run an evaluation for a rule. You can specify the following notification types:

- `ConfigurationItemChangeNotification` - Triggers an evaluation when Config delivers a configuration item as a result of a resource change.
- `OversizedConfigurationItemChangeNotification` - Triggers an evaluation when Config delivers an oversized configuration item. Config may generate this notification type when a resource changes and the notification exceeds the maximum size allowed by Amazon SNS.
- `ScheduledNotification` - Triggers a periodic evaluation at the frequency specified for `MaximumExecutionFrequency` .
- `ConfigurationSnapshotDeliveryCompleted` - Triggers a periodic evaluation when Config delivers a configuration snapshot.

If you want your custom rule to be triggered by configuration changes, specify two SourceDetail objects, one for `ConfigurationItemChangeNotification` and one for `OversizedConfigurationItemChangeNotification` .

MaximumExecutionFrequency -> (string)

The frequency at which you want Config to run evaluations for a custom rule with a periodic trigger. If you specify a value for `MaximumExecutionFrequency` , then `MessageType` must use the `ScheduledNotification` value.

### Note

By default, rules with a periodic trigger are evaluated every 24 hours. To change the frequency, specify a valid value for the `MaximumExecutionFrequency` parameter.

Based on the valid value you choose, Config runs evaluations once for each valid value. For example, if you choose `Three_Hours` , Config runs evaluations once every three hours. In this case, `Three_Hours` is the frequency of this rule.

CustomPolicyDetails -> (structure)

Provides the runtime system, policy definition, and whether debug logging is enabled. Required when owner is set to `CUSTOM_POLICY` .

PolicyRuntime -> (string)

The runtime system for your Config Custom Policy rule. Guard is a policy-as-code language that allows you to write policies that are enforced by Config Custom Policy rules. For more information about Guard, see the [Guard GitHub Repository](https://github.com/aws-cloudformation/cloudformation-guard) .

PolicyText -> (string)

The policy definition containing the logic for your Config Custom Policy rule.

EnableDebugLogDelivery -> (boolean)

The boolean expression for enabling debug logging for your Config Custom Policy rule. The default value is `false` .

InputParameters -> (string)

A string, in JSON format, that is passed to the Config rule Lambda function.

MaximumExecutionFrequency -> (string)

The maximum frequency with which Config runs evaluations for a rule. You can specify a value for `MaximumExecutionFrequency` when:

- This is for an Config managed rule that is triggered at a periodic frequency.
- Your custom rule is triggered when Config delivers the configuration snapshot. For more information, see  ConfigSnapshotDeliveryProperties .

### Note

By default, rules with a periodic trigger are evaluated every 24 hours. To change the frequency, specify a valid value for the `MaximumExecutionFrequency` parameter.

ConfigRuleState -> (string)

Indicates whether the Config rule is active or is currently being deleted by Config. It can also indicate the evaluation status for the Config rule.

Config sets the state of the rule to `EVALUATING` temporarily after you use the `StartConfigRulesEvaluation` request to evaluate your resources against the Config rule.

Config sets the state of the rule to `DELETING_RESULTS` temporarily after you use the `DeleteEvaluationResults` request to delete the current evaluation results for the Config rule.

Config temporarily sets the state of a rule to `DELETING` after you use the `DeleteConfigRule` request to delete the rule. After Config deletes the rule, the rule and all of its evaluations are erased and are no longer available.

CreatedBy -> (string)

Service principal name of the service that created the rule.

### Note

The field is populated only if the service-linked rule is created by a service. The field is empty if you create your own rule.

EvaluationModes -> (list)

The modes the Config rule can be evaluated in. The valid values are distinct objects. By default, the value is Detective evaluation mode only.

(structure)

The configuration object for Config rule evaluation mode. The supported valid values are Detective or Proactive.

Mode -> (string)

The mode of an evaluation. The valid values are Detective or Proactive.

JSON Syntax:

```
{
  "ConfigRuleName": "string",
  "ConfigRuleArn": "string",
  "ConfigRuleId": "string",
  "Description": "string",
  "Scope": {
    "ComplianceResourceTypes": ["string", ...],
    "TagKey": "string",
    "TagValue": "string",
    "ComplianceResourceId": "string"
  },
  "Source": {
    "Owner": "CUSTOM_LAMBDA"|"AWS"|"CUSTOM_POLICY",
    "SourceIdentifier": "string",
    "SourceDetails": [
      {
        "EventSource": "aws.config",
        "MessageType": "ConfigurationItemChangeNotification"|"ConfigurationSnapshotDeliveryCompleted"|"ScheduledNotification"|"OversizedConfigurationItemChangeNotification",
        "MaximumExecutionFrequency": "One_Hour"|"Three_Hours"|"Six_Hours"|"Twelve_Hours"|"TwentyFour_Hours"
      }
      ...
    ],
    "CustomPolicyDetails": {
      "PolicyRuntime": "string",
      "PolicyText": "string",
      "EnableDebugLogDelivery": true|false
    }
  },
  "InputParameters": "string",
  "MaximumExecutionFrequency": "One_Hour"|"Three_Hours"|"Six_Hours"|"Twelve_Hours"|"TwentyFour_Hours",
  "ConfigRuleState": "ACTIVE"|"DELETING"|"DELETING_RESULTS"|"EVALUATING",
  "CreatedBy": "string",
  "EvaluationModes": [
    {
      "Mode": "DETECTIVE"|"PROACTIVE"
    }
    ...
  ]
}
```

`--tags` (list)

An array of tag object.

(structure)

The tags for the resource. The metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value, both of which you define. Tag keys can have a maximum character length of 128 characters, and tag values can have a maximum length of 256 characters.

Key -> (string)

One part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A key is a general label that acts like a category for more specific tag values.

Value -> (string)

The optional part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Key=string,Value=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "Key": "string",
    "Value": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To add an AWS managed Config rule**

The following command provides JSON code to add an AWS managed Config rule:

```
aws configservice put-config-rule --config-rule file://RequiredTagsForEC2Instances.json
```

`RequiredTagsForEC2Instances.json` is a JSON file that contains the rule configuration:

```
{
  "ConfigRuleName": "RequiredTagsForEC2Instances",
  "Description": "Checks whether the CostCenter and Owner tags are applied to EC2 instances.",
  "Scope": {
    "ComplianceResourceTypes": [
      "AWS::EC2::Instance"
    ]
  },
  "Source": {
    "Owner": "AWS",
    "SourceIdentifier": "REQUIRED_TAGS"
  },
  "InputParameters": "{\"tag1Key\":\"CostCenter\",\"tag2Key\":\"Owner\"}"
}
```

For the `ComplianceResourceTypes` attribute, this JSON code limits the scope to resources of the `AWS::EC2::Instance` type, so AWS Config will evaluate only EC2 instances against the rule. Because the rule is a managed rule, the `Owner` attribute is set to `AWS`, and the `SourceIdentifier` attribute is set to the rule identifier, `REQUIRED_TAGS`. For the `InputParameters` attribute, the tag keys that the rule requires, `CostCenter` and `Owner`, are specified.

If the command succeeds, AWS Config returns no output. To verify the rule configuration, run the [describe-config-rules](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/configservice/describe-config-rules.html) command, and specify the rule name.

**To add a customer managed Config rule**

The following command provides JSON code to add a customer managed Config rule:

```
aws configservice put-config-rule --config-rule file://InstanceTypesAreT2micro.json
```

`InstanceTypesAreT2micro.json` is a JSON file that contains the rule configuration:

```
{
  "ConfigRuleName": "InstanceTypesAreT2micro",
  "Description": "Evaluates whether EC2 instances are the t2.micro type.",
  "Scope": {
    "ComplianceResourceTypes": [
      "AWS::EC2::Instance"
    ]
  },
  "Source": {
    "Owner": "CUSTOM_LAMBDA",
    "SourceIdentifier": "arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:123456789012:function:InstanceTypeCheck",
    "SourceDetails": [
      {
        "EventSource": "aws.config",
        "MessageType": "ConfigurationItemChangeNotification"
      }
    ]
  },
  "InputParameters": "{\"desiredInstanceType\":\"t2.micro\"}"
}
```

For the `ComplianceResourceTypes` attribute, this JSON code limits the scope to resources of the `AWS::EC2::Instance` type, so AWS Config will evaluate only EC2 instances against the rule. Because this rule is a customer managed rule, the `Owner` attribute is set to `CUSTOM_LAMBDA`, and the `SourceIdentifier` attribute is set to the ARN of the AWS Lambda function. The `SourceDetails` object is required. The parameters that are specified for the `InputParameters` attribute are passed to the AWS Lambda function when AWS Config invokes it to evaluate resources against the rule.

If the command succeeds, AWS Config returns no output. To verify the rule configuration, run the [describe-config-rules](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/configservice/describe-config-rules.html) command, and specify the rule name.

## Output

None