# put-rule¶

*Source: [https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/events/put-rule.html](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/events/put-rule.html)*

[ [aws](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html#cli-aws) . [events](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/events/index.html#cli-aws-events) ]

# put-rule

## Description

Creates or updates the specified rule. Rules are enabled by default, or based on value of the state. You can disable a rule using [DisableRule](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/APIReference/API_DisableRule.html) .

A single rule watches for events from a single event bus. Events generated by Amazon Web Services services go to your account’s default event bus. Events generated by SaaS partner services or applications go to the matching partner event bus. If you have custom applications or services, you can specify whether their events go to your default event bus or a custom event bus that you have created. For more information, see [CreateEventBus](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/APIReference/API_CreateEventBus.html) .

If you are updating an existing rule, the rule is replaced with what you specify in this `PutRule` command. If you omit arguments in `PutRule` , the old values for those arguments are not kept. Instead, they are replaced with null values.

When you create or update a rule, incoming events might not immediately start matching to new or updated rules. Allow a short period of time for changes to take effect.

A rule must contain at least an EventPattern or ScheduleExpression. Rules with EventPatterns are triggered when a matching event is observed. Rules with ScheduleExpressions self-trigger based on the given schedule. A rule can have both an EventPattern and a ScheduleExpression, in which case the rule triggers on matching events as well as on a schedule.

When you initially create a rule, you can optionally assign one or more tags to the rule. Tags can help you organize and categorize your resources. You can also use them to scope user permissions, by granting a user permission to access or change only rules with certain tag values. To use the `PutRule` operation and assign tags, you must have both the `events:PutRule` and `events:TagResource` permissions.

If you are updating an existing rule, any tags you specify in the `PutRule` operation are ignored. To update the tags of an existing rule, use [TagResource](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/APIReference/API_TagResource.html) and [UntagResource](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/APIReference/API_UntagResource.html) .

Most services in Amazon Web Services treat : or / as the same character in Amazon Resource Names (ARNs). However, EventBridge uses an exact match in event patterns and rules. Be sure to use the correct ARN characters when creating event patterns so that they match the ARN syntax in the event you want to match.

In EventBridge, it is possible to create rules that lead to infinite loops, where a rule is fired repeatedly. For example, a rule might detect that ACLs have changed on an S3 bucket, and trigger software to change them to the desired state. If the rule is not written carefully, the subsequent change to the ACLs fires the rule again, creating an infinite loop.

To prevent this, write the rules so that the triggered actions do not re-fire the same rule. For example, your rule could fire only if ACLs are found to be in a bad state, instead of after any change.

An infinite loop can quickly cause higher than expected charges. We recommend that you use budgeting, which alerts you when charges exceed your specified limit. For more information, see [Managing Your Costs with Budgets](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/budgets-managing-costs.html) .

To create a rule that filters for management events from Amazon Web Services services, see [Receiving read-only management events from Amazon Web Services services](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-service-event-cloudtrail.html#eb-service-event-cloudtrail-management) in the *EventBridge User Guide* .

See also: [AWS API Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/goto/WebAPI/eventbridge-2015-10-07/PutRule)

## Synopsis

```
put-rule
--name <value>
[--schedule-expression <value>]
[--event-pattern <value>]
[--state <value>]
[--description <value>]
[--role-arn <value>]
[--tags <value>]
[--event-bus-name <value>]
[--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
[--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
[--debug]
[--endpoint-url <value>]
[--no-verify-ssl]
[--no-paginate]
[--output <value>]
[--query <value>]
[--profile <value>]
[--region <value>]
[--version <value>]
[--color <value>]
[--no-sign-request]
[--ca-bundle <value>]
[--cli-read-timeout <value>]
[--cli-connect-timeout <value>]
[--cli-binary-format <value>]
[--no-cli-pager]
[--cli-auto-prompt]
[--no-cli-auto-prompt]
```

## Options

`--name` (string)

The name of the rule that you are creating or updating.

`--schedule-expression` (string)

The scheduling expression. For example, “cron(0 20 * * ? [*](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/events/put-rule.html#id1))” or “rate(5 minutes)”.

`--event-pattern` (string)

The event pattern. For more information, see [Amazon EventBridge event patterns](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-event-patterns.html) in the * *Amazon EventBridge User Guide* * .

`--state` (string)

The state of the rule.

Valid values include:

- `DISABLED` : The rule is disabled. EventBridge does not match any events against the rule.
- `ENABLED` : The rule is enabled. EventBridge matches events against the rule, *except* for Amazon Web Services management events delivered through CloudTrail.
- `ENABLED_WITH_ALL_CLOUDTRAIL_MANAGEMENT_EVENTS` : The rule is enabled for all events, including Amazon Web Services management events delivered through CloudTrail. Management events provide visibility into management operations that are performed on resources in your Amazon Web Services account. These are also known as control plane operations. For more information, see [Logging management events](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/logging-management-events-with-cloudtrail.html#logging-management-events) in the *CloudTrail User Guide* , and [Filtering management events from Amazon Web Services services](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-service-event.html#eb-service-event-cloudtrail) in the * *Amazon EventBridge User Guide* * . This value is only valid for rules on the [default](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-what-is-how-it-works-concepts.html#eb-bus-concepts-buses) event bus or [custom event buses](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-create-event-bus.html) . It does not apply to [partner event buses](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-saas.html) .

Possible values:

- `ENABLED`
- `DISABLED`
- `ENABLED_WITH_ALL_CLOUDTRAIL_MANAGEMENT_EVENTS`

`--description` (string)

A description of the rule.

`--role-arn` (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role associated with the rule.

If you’re setting an event bus in another account as the target and that account granted permission to your account through an organization instead of directly by the account ID, you must specify a `RoleArn` with proper permissions in the `Target` structure, instead of here in this parameter.

`--tags` (list)

The list of key-value pairs to associate with the rule.

(structure)

A key-value pair associated with an Amazon Web Services resource. In EventBridge, rules and event buses support tagging.

Key -> (string)

A string you can use to assign a value. The combination of tag keys and values can help you organize and categorize your resources.

Value -> (string)

The value for the specified tag key.

Shorthand Syntax:

```
Key=string,Value=string ...
```

JSON Syntax:

```
[
  {
    "Key": "string",
    "Value": "string"
  }
  ...
]
```

`--event-bus-name` (string)

The name or ARN of the event bus to associate with this rule. If you omit this, the default event bus is used.

`--cli-input-json` | `--cli-input-yaml` (string)
Reads arguments from the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by `--generate-cli-skeleton`. If other arguments are provided on the command line, those values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as the string will be taken literally. This may not be specified along with `--cli-input-yaml`.

`--generate-cli-skeleton` (string)
Prints a JSON skeleton to standard output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the value `input`, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument for `--cli-input-json`. Similarly, if provided `yaml-input` it will print a sample input YAML that can be used with `--cli-input-yaml`. If provided with the value `output`, it validates the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command. The generated JSON skeleton is not stable between versions of the AWS CLI and there are no backwards compatibility guarantees in the JSON skeleton generated.

## Global Options

`--debug` (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

`--endpoint-url` (string)

Override command’s default URL with the given URL.

`--no-verify-ssl` (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services. For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

`--no-paginate` (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

`--output` (string)

The formatting style for command output.

- json
- text
- table
- yaml
- yaml-stream

`--query` (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

`--profile` (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

`--region` (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

`--version` (string)

Display the version of this tool.

`--color` (string)

Turn on/off color output.

- on
- off
- auto

`--no-sign-request` (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument is provided.

`--ca-bundle` (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Overrides config/env settings.

`--cli-read-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-connect-timeout` (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60 seconds.

`--cli-binary-format` (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a binary blob `fileb://` will always be treated as binary and use the file contents directly regardless of the `cli-binary-format` setting. When using `file://` the file contents will need to properly formatted for the configured `cli-binary-format`.

- base64
- raw-in-base64-out

`--no-cli-pager` (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

`--cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

`--no-cli-auto-prompt` (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

## Examples

### Note

To use the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed and configured. See the [Getting started guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* for more information.

Unless otherwise stated, all examples have unix-like quotation rules. These examples will need to be adapted to your terminal’s quoting rules. See [Using quotation marks with strings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-parameters-quoting-strings.html) in the *AWS CLI User Guide* .

**To create CloudWatch Events rules**

This example creates a rule that triggers every day at 9:00am (UTC).  If you use put-targets to add a Lambda function as a target of this rule, you could run the Lambda function every day at the specified time:

```
aws events put-rule --name "DailyLambdaFunction" --schedule-expression "cron(0 9 * * ? *)"
```

This example creates a rule that triggers when any EC2 instance in the region changes state:

```
aws events put-rule --name "EC2InstanceStateChanges" --event-pattern "{\"source\":[\"aws.ec2\"],\"detail-type\":[\"EC2 Instance State-change Notification\"]}"  --role-arn "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/MyRoleForThisRule"
```

This example creates a rule that triggers when any EC2 instance in the region is stopped or terminated:

```
aws events put-rule --name "EC2InstanceStateChangeStopOrTerminate" --event-pattern "{\"source\":[\"aws.ec2\"],\"detail-type\":[\"EC2 Instance State-change Notification\"],\"detail\":{\"state\":[\"stopped\",\"terminated\"]}}" --role-arn "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/MyRoleForThisRule"
```

## Output

RuleArn -> (string)

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rule.